  It was a winter's day eight years ago...
  That solemn morning when she understood the value of life for the very first time.
  Her home was nestled on the side of a mountain.
  Around it was nothing but inhospitable wilderness.
  She had no neighbors or childhood friends to speak of. Things like traveling to school or playing outside were more trouble than they ought to be.
  Indeed, with its pure water and bright stars, it was a place rich with memories both frustrating and halcyon.
  That was only during summer, though.
  Winters in those mountains were extremely frigid, each morning more severe than the last.
  Her father would drive her to the train station...
  ...after waiting ten minutes for the engine to warm up and the iced-over windows to clear.
"Mind starting up the car for me?"
  Her father would savor his morning coffee, leaving her to venture outside and rev the engine.
  Out the front door she would go, traversing the garden with icy breath, until she reached that old sedan.
  As always, she inserted the key, then started the ignition.
The engine rumbled to life.
  Just as she proudly finished that humble task she'd done so many times before...
"■■■■■―"
  A shrill scream pierced the air.
  She knew, even though it wasn't human, that the feeble sound was a cry of agony.
  A few moments passed.
Her father came out and opened the hood of the car.
  Creaking fan belts...
  A monstrous-looking engine...
  And something that didn't belong.
  There was a cat―a mother by the looks of it―and her two kittens.
  The three cats had been huddling for warmth in the engine's compartment.
  The mother cat was missing its head.
  One of the kittens had been mangled beyond recognition by the engine belts, and surely died instantly.
  The other kitten, its face half-covered in blood, panted faintly.
  It desperately clung to its mother―or rather, the chunk of meat that had been its mother―with the last bit of life it could muster.
"Poor things."
  Her father lamented their plight.
  The previous night had been especially cold.
  After he had returned home yesterday, the cats must have snuck under the hood, drawn by the warmth of the engine.
  They had slept next to the engine...
  ...and awoken to a storm of spinning belts.
  Cars in the eighties were not sealed particularly well, so this was not unheard of.
"...It's okay, ____. It wasn't your fault."
  Her father's voice seemed distant.
  She could only make out a small tuft of the kitten's gray fur.
  The rest of it was caked in the blood of its mother and brother.
        ...I can see its skull...
  The fragile life of a speckled kitten...
  Trembling and possibly blind, it continued to nuzzle against its dead mother's chest.
"Hmm? ____, wait!"
  She took the kitten into her arms
  and ran deep into the mountains, to her grandfather's house.
  Was it because she was overcome with regret?
  Or was it the shock of grief? Years later, she still wasn't sure.
  Fighting back the welling tears, she burst into her grandfather's workshop.
  Her grandfather was a magician who could do anything.
  She had never seen magic. She knew that magic was a fantasy straight out of fairy tales... but so was her grandfather.
  She had to find him.
  He was the only one who could help.
"I suppose you want me to alter this kitten's fate,"
  the cave-dwelling magician said indifferently.
  "This kitten needs our help," she pleaded.
  Whether it was a simple task,
  or a herculean labor, her grandfather would not say.
  He simply granted the girl's childish wish, like a machine.
"...Oh no," the girl said.
  Before she knew it, however, she was holding a tiny corpse in her hands.
  Its fur was cold.
  The warmth of life had left its body.
  And the tears she had fought so hard to hold back poured from her eyes.
  Regret spread through her chest like an endless gray sky.
"We were too late. Some things cannot be undone."
  Her mind struggled to come to grips with what had just occurred.
  The last ten minutes were a total blank.
  Who she met...
  What she had known... It was all as if it never happened.
  The only thing she was sure of was that life, once extinguished, can never return.
        "Umm... Is somebody there?"
  That day...
  It was her mistake that gave birth to me.
            ...Indeed.
            Whatever occurred that day,
            it was a day of nostalgia and longing.
  This is the fairy tale of eight years ago.
  The day they first met, that no magic can ever bring back.
  Arrogant, greedy, and able only to destroy...
  I must be a wolf.
  I don't have regrets. There's no looking back.
  If my pride has left you behind, my sincere condolences.
  But at any rate,
  I suppose it's my fate to die at the hands of Little Red Riding Hood.
  It was a quiet morning.
  From her bed, she could see the sky was an ashen, watercolor gray.
  The thermometer displayed 43 degrees Fahrenheit, a rather unforgiving temperature for November.
  Her stomach woke her up with a growl, pathetically reminding her that she had completely missed breakfast.
  But lazy mornings like today's were, for her, a blessing.
  It was already well past eight in the morning.
  On any ordinary weekday tardiness would be unavoidable, but today, classes were cancelled in commemoration of the school's anniversary.
  Gratefully, she had every intention of taking it easy for the first time in ages.
  Outside the window was a gloomy gray, and it reminded her more of evening than morning.
  It wasn't a pleasant morning by any stretch of the imagination.
  But having been up all night until just three hours ago, she couldn't care less about the weather outside.
  All she cared about was more sleep.
  As long as she could spend her morning in bed, what was happening outside was of no concern to her.
  She shut the curtains.
  Then closed her eyes and tried to let sleep reclaim her.
"I'd like a nice uneventful dream for two hours, thank you."
  Blissful slumber found her soon enough.
  Her consciousness faded.
  However...
  ...her simple request would be mercilessly refused.
"..."
  A faint but shrill sound lingered in her ears.
  It was the unmistakable ring of a telephone.
  Much to her chagrin, her eyes popped open out of habit.
"Oh, c'mon. Why today of all days?"
  The telephone was situated in the foyer on the first floor.
  Answering it meant walking down a thirty-foot corridor and going down a flight of stairs.
  In her sleep-deprived state, that distance seemed somewhere between incredibly far and astronomically far.
  The phone's incessant ringing continued.
  She knew the caller would eventually give up if she ignored it, but she chose to fight the urge.
"Why doesn't Alice answer it?"
  She thought her housemate would get it, but she soon had to abandon all hope.
  The realization struck that her housemate did not have the day off from school and was likely in class at her prestigious little hilltop academy.
  The caller proved incredibly persistent.
  That persistence made the volume of the ringing seem even louder.
"Ugh. I'm trying to sleep here!"
  She was left with no choice but to get up, throw a top on, and leave the room.
"God, it's cold..."
  She rubbed her hands together to warm her numb fingers.
  The mansion's heating system was inadequate, to say the least.
  Which meant that Winter was the very worst of uninvited guests.
  Never more so than on a dreary morning as this, when one didn't need to use a thermometer to know how cold it was.
  The mansion sat in the mountains and was surrounded by dense forest. Winter always arrived here first, before moving on to nearby towns.
  The robotic ring of the telephone reverberated throughout the long hallway.
  The mansion's furnishings had been so perfectly maintained that it made the place feel unlived.
  It seemed lonelier than it did splendid.
  Coupled with the dreary morning, it could have passed for a haunted house.
"Well, it is a haunted house, I suppose.
  It's too large for just the two of us."
  She counted more than thirty rings since it first began.
  The caller either had a lot of free time on their hands or had a good understanding of the house's circumstances.
  She had a strong hunch that it was the latter.
  The window above looked out onto a gloomy sky.
  She hastened to catch the unrelenting ring in the act as soon as possible.
  Though she had a feeling that her happy morning might come to a close the moment she caught it.
  It was here that a series of incidents began.
  Apologies for the lack of romance to this tale.
  For whether it be objectively true or merely supposition...
  ...it is always from gloomy and unassuming beginnings that extraordinary events are set into motion.    
  The rain had subsided somewhat by the time she reached the school gate.
  Sunlight seemed to be playing peek-a-boo behind the clouds in the distance.
  It looked like it might be cleared up by early afternoon.
"...Not that it has anything to do with me, though."
  The weather reflected her luck.
  On top of being forced out of the house at such an early hour, she had to suffer through a winter rain.
  I'm getting a bad feeling about this...
  The sinking feeling she had only grew as she passed through the entrance and headed inside.
  She didn't encounter any other students along the way.
  Nor did she see anyone taking part in club activities, either.
  The reception desk to the faculty room simply read "Faculty Closed."
  The school had given all of its students the day off.
  Except those explicitly summoned, like her.
  A fact that irked her more and more as the minutes passed.
  She opened the door to the faculty room and headed toward the desk she had visited a number of times before.
  The man at the desk wore a plain shirt and suit that were nonetheless neatly pressed.
  Slim-framed glasses adorned his face, giving off an amicable yet cunning air.
  The mild-mannered image this mid-twenties man presented clashed with the cigarette he smoked.
  He didn't appear to have noticed her yet.
"Mr. Yamasiro?"
  She closed the door with a bang.
  Showing no response to the sudden sound, Mr. Yamasiro lifted his head.
"Hey there. Good morning, Ms. Aozaki. I guess this means you got the call."
"Yes. They called me at home about an hour ago, out of the blue..."
  Having graduated from this high school himself, Mr. Yamasiro was not much older than the rest of the students.
  For that reason, the students preferred him over the other teachers.
  He always had something interesting to talk about, and kept conversations casual.
    In fact, he seemed more like an older student than a teacher, but she unfortunately didn't share her fellow students' fondness for him.
  She was of the opinion that teachers should come across as more austere.
  Like an iron fist that could inspire both love and hate in equal measure... Not a buddy to joke and pal around with.
  He was the exact opposite of how she felt a teacher should be. It was only natural that her manner towards him would be forced and unfriendly.
  Not that she'd ever been wired to make friendly small talk.
"You're in a foul mood today."
"You must be imagining it.
  I'm like this every day."
  The matter-of-fact answer perfectly matched the displeasure displayed on her face.
  Her bad mood from having to get up early and the tiredness from staying up late must have collectively made her look positively adversarial.
"If you say so. Just go easy on our guest, okay? To be honest, we're not completely sure how to deal with him yet."
"About that. Do you wanna tell me what the hell is going on? Because I have no clue."
  As Mr. Yamasiro met her piercing eyes, he finally understood the reason behind her tone, and slowly put out his cigarette.
"Let's start at the beginning. What did they tell you over the phone?"
"Just that I'd be introduced to a transfer student.
  They were a little hazy on the rest, though."
  One of Mr. Yamasiro's eyebrows stood up, impressed with the brevity of her answer.
  He could see that she was angry, not because she had been called to school on her day off, but because she hadn't been told why she was here.
  Mr. Yamasiro chuckled sympathetically.
"If this was all a joke to you, perhaps I should just go home."
"Wait, wait. I didn't mean to laugh. This is not a practical joke. We could really use your help."
"So there really is a transfer student?"
"Yes, but he has... how should I put it? Difficult circumstances.
  His name...is Soujyuro. And he's a bit...well, peculiar. So we thought someone around the same age would be best suited to show him the ropes."
"..."
  She threw him an unamused look.
  It was negligent of them to be pushing teaching duties on her, but she did wonder how exactly this transfer student was peculiar.
  Maybe he meant the student had behavioral problems or was difficult somehow.
But 'peculiar?' She didn't have the slightest idea what that meant.
(You don't hear a teacher call someone that everyday.)
  She had her doubts but swept them aside for now.
  This wasn't the time to get distracted by more concerns.
  The fact remained that this conversation was all the "peculiar" she could handle, and she needed more information. She was already beginning to fantasize about saying no and curling up in her warm bed at home.
"I have a question."
"Yes? Ah, he's a second-year  student like you. He's well-behaved and a good listener. He's not the most energetic individual, but that just means he'll be easier to get along with, right?
  He's not in the same homeroom class as you, but I'm sure you'll get along just-"
"I'll be the judge of that when I actually meet him.
  And none of that answered my question: why me?"
  Though her tone was still stern, it was clear that she was willing to cooperate.
  She had decided to put her feelings of dissatisfaction aside and focus on the task at hand.
  Forcing herself to act empathetic in spite of her self-absorbed nature was something she was used to.
  Paradoxically, this force of will was also the reason teachers put so much faith in her.
  ...To a point.
  At times, that strength shattered expectation, and on those occasions they were left with no choice but to treat it like a natural disaster and weather it until it passed. That was how Mr. Yamasiro had come to deal with her as over the past year.
"I'll ask you one more time, Mr. Yamasiro.
  Why does it have to be me?"
  Pressured by a question without a clear yes or no answer, he answered.
"Well, about that...
  You're probably thinking it's because you're the iron-fisted ruler of the student council and are willing to strike down both teacher and student for the good of the school, but you'd be wrong."
"I can't imagine any other reason you'd call me."
  Her eyes did nothing to hide her disbelief as she glared at him.
  Strength far beyond that of an ordinary seventeen-year-old girl...
  ...coupled with the youthful beauty of one.
  Mr. Yamasiro let slip a genuine smile, admiring the miraculous balance of qualities.
"I mean, I'd handle this myself if it was just about pure obligation. But who gets this job has nothing to do with whether they're a teacher or on the student council.
  I just felt that you were the only one who would entertain this kind of a request without needing to weigh all sides. That's why I insisted it be you."
  In other words, he knew she wouldn't say no.
"...Mr. Yamasiro."
"Oh, dear. Would you stop glaring at me like that already? At least put on a smile for your new schoolmate.
  Look, if you're agreeing to help, we should go see him. We've already kept him waiting long enough as it is.
  And because you braved the rain to get here, I'd be happy to give you a ride home."
  Mr. Yamasiro stood up gracefully.
  "I'm good, thanks," she replied, before turning and walking out of the faculty room.
  He had been waiting for about an hour.
  While he did, the rain shower lightened into a drizzle.
  His mind wandered as he listened to the sound of the raindrops.
  The room was filled with neatly arranged rectangular tables.
  He was the only one there.
  Quite some time had passed since he had been brought to this room and asked to wait.
  Even the best-behaved student might have grown dissatisfied or anxious with the situation by now, but the boy stuck to his spot like a scarecrow.
  He was chilled to the bone.
  It was the end of November, and the low temperature in the morning had marked the start of winter.
  The room was not much warmer.
  The heater hadn't been turned on. Either he'd missed the teacher telling him to turn it on, or he'd never seen one in his life.
  He breathed lightly on his freezing fingers as he aimlessly surveyed his surroundings.
  This dreary place was apparently a meeting room.
  The other students might have considered it a wonderful place to meet, but to him it was drab and overly spacious.
  It was a lifeless place that reminded him of an arid cave.
  Stuck in this cold room with absolutely nothing to do, his mind turned to what they wanted to discuss.
"...
...Hrm."
  Unable to come up with a solid answer, he returned his attention to the sound of the rain.
  The rain hardly resembled the rain in the mountains.
  Though, he could still recognize it, barely.
  Its smell and sound were harsher. But at the end of the day, rain was still rain.
  So even this world, alien as it was, could have something in common with the mountains...
  That trivial detail perked him up a little.
  He liked how the town looked soaked in rain.
  Naturally, he preferred sunny weather, but he liked rain in its own way.
  The fog from the rain had soaked up the scent of the soil, and it reminded him of home.
  It was at times like these that he was able to numb the anxiety the city gave him.
"..."
  ...But then he let out a discouraged sigh.
  How pathetic.
He'd already been here two weeks and thoughts of his hometown still made him sad.
  Perhaps feeling that he was being unfair to his new life, he composed himself and continued to wait patiently.
  As if having a passion for distractions, his attention returned to the sound of the rain once more.
  Waiting like this didn't seem to be particularly hard for him.
  He quietly endured the numbing cold and the hour alone with calm, deep breaths.
  As the saying goes, "Good things come to those who wait."
  A strong point of his or not, he was astonishingly patient.
  It was certainly helping him out in this moment.
  She, on the other hand, was livid.
  The profile of the transfer student had been explained to her on her way to the meeting room.
  She was told he had lived his whole life up in the mountains without any electricity.
  That meant more than half of civilized society would have been an utter mystery to him.
(What a miserable level of isolation. How is this even possible in post-war Japan?
  He's like Robinson Crusoe!)
  She had every right to be angry.
  His village had apparently remained isolated in the mountains for many years.
  Contact with villages in the foothills of the mountains only occurred once a month or so, which was unfathomable in modern Japan.
  Although expressways and Japan Rail-the old National Railways-now spanned the country like arteries, it wasn't entirely impossible for mountain villages like his to exist.
  But she couldn't imagine how someone born to such circumstances would think or live.
"When you say no electricity... you mean in general, right? Like, he must have had access to a public phone."
"Apparently not. He mentioned how shocked he was by the phones when he started living here.
  I kid you not, he said, 'Wow, telephones are so useful.' Couldn't really deny that, could I?"
  She shot a sidelong glare his way as he laughed.
  It seemed that the naivete of the country boy had cheered up Mr. Yamasiro a bit.
"They probably didn't have police officers, either. My family home is up in the mountains, so it's not inconceivable they wouldn't have electricity.
  But... he doesn't even know what school is?"
"Nope. He'd heard of them, but this is apparently his first time visiting one. Maybe that's why he's nervous. He wasn't very talkative.
  He's almost―what would you call it―feral? Like a boy raised by wolves. I suppose that makes this a safari!"
"..."
"Hey, you're scaring me, Aozaki. I was joking. Go easy, okay?
  And don't worry. I got the feeling from talking to him that he's a nice kid!
  He was almost like, I don't know, a cute little animal that doesn't speak human!"
"Your jokes and metaphors aren't helping."
  As she gave her blunt reply, she tried to simulate in her mind what life without electricity would be like, but the thought of it took her sour mood from bad to worse.
  After all, it was a world she had never known.
  She could understand why the teachers had given up.
  She, too, wanted to give up and return to her warm bed, but her good-for-nothing pride was holding her hostage.
  Not only did the teachers believe she was up to the task, but she also believed she could do it. It wasn't that easy to go back on her word-no matter how bad things looked after the fact.
  She walked along the hallway, the rain pattering in the background.
  The meeting room was already in sight.
  With a furrowed brow, she fixed her long hair in anticipation of meeting the unknown stranger within.
  Her elegant strides were like those of a confident general going into battle.
"...Umm, Aozaki?
  I believe in you and all, but I'll say it again. Be nice, okay? Can you at least try to smile?"
"I'm bad at faking smiles. But I'll do my best."
"Really? That's a relief...
  I really mean it. It's good to know you're not good at everything."
  Mr. Yamasiro's shoulders slumped the second they reached the meeting room.
  As he put his hand to the door, his eyes seemed to say to her, "Be nice, please."
  This only made her more irritated.
(I already know I'm not the friendliest-looking person in the world, but I can't just make myself smile at the drop of a hat.
You should have asked Tobimaru if that's what you were after.)
  She sighed about her social shortcomings, but then it occurred to her that being called into school on a day off while sleep-deprived wasn't anything to smile about anyway.
  She also thought the person responsible for this mess would be better off attending elementary school.
  It might not be his fault, but neither was it her duty or obligation to do the teachers' work for them.
  At the very least...
  They could have used their brains and organized all this on a normal school day―another complaint she wanted to voice later.
(I hate him already. He's my sworn enemy and I haven't even met him.
  Sorry, but I couldn't care less about his extenuating circumstances!
  You think this isn't awkward for me, too? Honestly, why did this have to happen when I'm so busy!?)
  Her pounding headache from a lack of sleep had boosted her aggression by ten percent.
  No matter how harmless the guy on the other side of the door may be, anyone who disturbed her sleep was the enemy.
  And just as she was reaching peak annoyance, Mr. Yamasiro opened the door to the meeting room.
  The room slowly slid into view.
  She didn't care for formalities,
  just looked straight ahead and stormed into the room.
  And found herself face to face with a most unusual opponent.
  Before we go on, let's see from another perspective.
  Turning back the clock just a little...
"You don't have to do anything."
  For some, these words are a priceless luxury.
  For others, they are unbearable torture.
  For the proactive girl, it was definitely the former, though she'd be too suspicious of the motives of anyone giving her such a gift to accept it.
  For the passive boy, it was definitely the latter. A bitter thorn that made him homesick, though at this very moment his mind was still distracted with the wait for his face to reveal any discontent.
  He maintained perfect posture as he stared at the gray sky.
  He had already waited a whole hour, but figured they must have had their reasons for making him wait.
  And as long as he had the sound of the rain to soothe him, he could keep on waiting.
(It must be nine o' clock already.
  Yeah, that seems about right.)
  He had been vaguely keeping track of the time as he listened to the rain.
  Due to the holiday, the school building was completely silent,
  except for the patter of the rain on the window.
  The mood felt as damp as the air.
  It was then...
  ...he heard the heavy clatter of footsteps approaching.
(Finally. I thought they'd forgotten about me.)
  He could hear two sets of footsteps, one heavier set belonging to an adult.
  He breathed a sigh of relief as the door slid open.
"So sorry to keep you waiting."
  The first person he saw was a man wearing glasses and an awkward smile.
  That's Mr. Yamasiro, the one who brought me here.
"Hey, where's Mr. Satonaka?
  I told him to keep you company. He shouldn't have left you here."
  Mr. Yamasiro scratched his head, looking increasingly apologetic.
  And then, from behind him...
  With a tight-lipped expression that made it clear she didn't want to be there,
  a dark-haired girl with a determined look in her eyes appeared.
"..."
  Soujyuro gulped.
  The sound of the rain on the window faded into nothingness.
  That's when he knew...
  This was how it felt when time stood still.
"..."
  She blinked quickly a few times as if taken aback.
  Why was anyone's guess.
  The boy was everything she expected a naive country boy to look like. However, she felt something she couldn't understand.
"..."
  His eyes widened slightly as if taken aback.
  The reason was obvious.
  Putting his feeling into words was a different matter altogether. So we will never know exactly what he experienced in that moment.
  That's when it hit him...
  He sensed he'd been touched by the hands of destiny.
"Allow me to introduce the two of you. This is the transfer student I mentioned, Soujyuro Sizuki.
  And this is the girl that will be showing you around.
  She's our student council president and came in on her day off just to welcome you. Her name is Aoko Aozaki."
  His voice and the sound of the rain seemed distant.
  This is how they first met.
  Such was their start, for better or worse. Like the ephemeral beauty of fireworks.
  It was commonly believed among the students...
  ...that Aoko was always in a foul mood.
  But this gossip was ninety percent prejudice, as Aoko simply didn't have time to be irritated twenty-four seven.
  The reality was she simply didn't want to explain herself all the time
  and therefore seemed angry about something, obvious or not.
  This idle gossip did, however, lead to her earning the title of one the school's Seven Deadly Threats.
  The remaining ten percent of the gossip was right on the mark.
  Aoko herself often had the feeling that her tendency to feel animosity toward harmless things was akin to what a chronic headache sufferer might experience.
  Today fell under that ten percent.
  For today her anger was pure,
  and her childish and selfish display was befitting of her actual age.
  The meeting room was dimly lit, awash in the colors of the rain.
  To reduce electricity costs, school regulations forbid the use of lights during the day.
  This was the setting the three of them found themselves in.
  Her first impression was that his calm demeanor reminded her of a field of wildflowers.
  In spite of his perfect posture, his overall air felt placid―tame, even.
  And though describing him as meek would be going too far, at the very least he was passive.
  Even through his uniform, she could see that he was thinner than average.
  His dark hair was unkempt, and he came across as a wholly forgettable boy.
  If she had to look at him in a more positive light, she would describe him more a young man than a boy.
  It was his calm demeanor that made him seem more mature.
  Was that the cause of Aoko's reasonless reaction?
  He seemed almost too at home in the meeting room, and she was left with the impression that it was her and the teacher, not this outsider, who were the guests here.
"..."
  She felt an unidentifiable aggravation building within her, almost as if her right to be here was in question.
  Aoko felt herself raising her natural defenses.
(...What's with me?
  Am I really this angry for no reason?)
  She hated not understanding things, her own emotions, in particular.
  It pained her less than you would imagine for a perfectionist like her, but it still nagged her like a thorn in her side.
"Uh, hahaha. Aozaki, why don't you introduce yourself?"
  Mr. Yamasiro's attempt to relieve the tension was equally irritating.
"...Introduce myself, huh."
  After casting a nasty glance in the teacher's direction, Aoko turned to face the boy.
  From an outsider's perspective, it might have looked like a staredown.
  And in that instant...
  The culmination of her emotional state hurtled toward the innocent boy, and skewered him.
"Again, sorry for the wait, Sizuki."
  Hearing his name, Soujyuro came to his senses.
  His stunned gaze shook loose.
  He took a deep breath to clear his head.
  Chalking it up to nerves, Mr. Yamasiro broke out a smile and turned to the girl standing beside him.
"I'll do the introductions then. This is the transfer student, Soujyuro Sizuki.
  And this is our student council president who came in on her day off just to show you around. Her name is Aoko Aozaki."
  Having been introduced by Mr. Yamasiro, the girl took a step forward.
  Her eyes were merciless.
  Her stare, an unspoken threat to violently trample her opponent.
  Soujyuro, on the other hand, managed to keep his own composure despite the shock at how confrontational she appeared.
  He had never been greeted quite like this before, but supposed, mistakenly, that this was how people treated each other in the city.
  The exchange must have looked quite dramatic to an onlooker.
  A girl ready to brawl...
  An earnest country boy desperate to understand...
  It was a murderous limbo, especially for anyone in the room with them.
  Like Mr. Yamasiro, for example.
  While he had thought he had made the right decision in choosing an honor student to help him out, she was in an inexplicably bad mood, and the tension in the air was undeniable.
  It was this moment that he realized his failure.
  His realization had come far too late.
  One false move, and this girl, for whom no problem was too large, would becoming a storm that would rock the very foundations of the school.
  Just as the almighty joker card could bring either fortune or disaster, the sole teacher who had been present at the time would come to bear the blame for the scandal that ensued.
"Wow, you two really seem to have hit it off!
  ...I suppose I can leave you two to it, then?"
  Mr. Yamasiro laughed nervously as he crept toward the door.
"I'll be in the faculty room. Stop by when you're finished.
  You'll be alright, won't you, Aozaki?
  You're the student council president! Don't let me down!"
  Mr. Yamasiro left, leaving the two in a locked-eyed state, one in which one set of eyes was doing all the glaring.
  All that remained in the room was an artless boy
  and a cross-armed, guarded girl.
  The two lingered in silence.
  They resembled shogi players agonizing over their first moves, though it was only Aoko who was reading so much into the situation.
  She decided to put her irritation aside for the time being.
  With no reason to feel revulsion for him in the first place, she sighed deeply and faced Soujyuro.
"Whatever. It's not like this is the first time that Mr. Yamasiro landed me in it.
So... what's your name again?"
  Her tone was nothing if not reproachful, though he had done nothing to offend her.
But the boy failed to pick up on it.
  Incapable of such venom himself,
"I'm Soujyuro Sizuki," he replied. "And you're... Miss Aozaki, right?"
  For whatever reason, he came across as happy in his response.
"Drop the 'Miss.' That's not my style.
  Is Sizuki fine?"
"What do you mean?"
"What do you mean, what do I mean?"
"..."
"Hello? Did I say something weird?"
"Yeah, very-"
  The boy replied immediately as if it was a natural response, but quickly second guessed himself.
"Uh, never mind. That must be normal here.
  You can call me Sizuki. You mind if I call you Aozaki?"
"Suit yourself."
  She followed her blunt reply with a swift turn away from him.
  While she was hardly thrilled at the prospect of the task at hand, it had been entrusted to her, and it was her personal policy to see it through to the end.
"Sorry, but I'm not in the mood for pleasantries.
  Time is short, so let's get this over with."
"Sure. I know your time is valuable."
  Aoko's blunt rancor was lost on him once again.
"..."
  Humans tend to be overly conscious about being ignored, whatever form that takes.
  But despite being peeved at landing none of her attacks, Aoko did her best to act professional and directed her guest into the hallway.
  There was no sunlight in the hallway, nor any sign of life.
  This was more like a prison than the cave that was the meeting room.
  As it dawned on Aoko that the hallway matched her mood, she sighed once again.
"First things first. Did you understand everything Mr. Yamasiro explained to you?"
"Yes, I get how the school works.
  But it's still a bit hard to imagine that everyone here is around the same age."
"...I see. Great."
  Aoko rubbed her forehead.
  This Soujyuro kid had no idea what he was in for.
Apparently, all he'd heard about school was that it was a place where a lot of people met to study.
  High school teachers imparted to students their knowledge in various fields of study, while fostering discipline and creativity.
  But never did Aoko imagine that she would have to explain the concept of school itself to someone.
  Yes, fundamentals were important. But this was absurd.
  She had serious doubts whether he could even handle classes, but Mr. Yamasiro insisted that things would work out somehow.
  Soujyuro had managed to pass the transfer exam, after all. Barely.
(Not my problem.)
  Aoko grumbled mentally as she walked down the hallway.
  She consoled herself with the fact that today would be the only day she'd spend with this boy out of time... or at least, she'd try to keep it that way.
"Aozaki?"
  He asked, calmly trying to get her attention.
"What?"
"Can I ask you something?"
"Yes. What is it?"
"I could be wrong about this, but you seem upset about something.
  You're not a morning person, are you?"
  His gaze revealed earnest concern, as if asking her if she'd remembered to eat breakfast.
"..."
  It was like another hammer to her head.
  It was true that Aoko had been glaring at Soujyuro the entire time.
  Glaring red-hot daggers, in fact.
  Not just at him, but the universe.
  Even on her best days, her roommate used to remark,
"Most people can't handle your scowl, Aoko.
  It wouldn't hurt you to be a little more tolerant."
  She'd been warned that her emotions were so naked on her face that people treated her like a powder keg. How naive could the boy be that he could not pick up on this?
(He's not making fun of me, is he? No... he couldn't be.)
"Hm?"
  Even she found her own attempt to reassure herself unconvincing.
  It began to dawn on Aoko, far too late...
  ...that compared to her, this laid-back transfer student might as well have been from another planet.
"Look. Let me spell it out for you, because you're just not getting it.
  It's not your imagination. I am angry and anyone could see that in my eyes. It's easier than trying to make conversation."
  In response to her words, the Martian clapped his hands together.
"That makes sense. I don't know why you'd want to do it that way, but I get that it's a faster way to express yourself."
  Soujyuro accepted her reasoning without argument.
  Though he still had no idea what kinds of emotions she was trying to express.
  It was as if he could hear the words but didn't grasp the meaning.
  Ideas that should have connected were instead separated into blocks.
(So it's true. He really is peculiar.)
  Mr. Yamasiro's words made sense to her now.
  What was odd about this boy went way beyond naivety.
  A stranger in a strange land he may be, but it was only civilized to forgive him some jet lag-induced confusion.
"Let's visit your classroom."
  She had regained her composure.
  Soujyuro raised his hand and stopped in his tracks.
"Just one more thing."
  Aoko waited for Soujyuro to continue. The boy was patient to a fault.
  She rubbed her forehead with her hand again, nursing a vague feeling of uneasiness.
"I wanted to ask-why are you so angry?
  Is it your line of business? Or does it run in your family?"
"..."
  A long silence.
  Though she knew it wouldn't change the situation, she remembered her regret at answering the phone that morning.
  He meant no harm.
  She repeated this thought like a mantra in an attempt to keep her impulses in check.
"It's not you, if that's what you're worried about.
  I'm just trying not to think how much better my day would've gone if I'd slept in until noon."
  With that vague answer, she started to walk again.
  And turned her gaze away from this rude stranger named Soujyuro Sizuki.
  While what constitutes 'normal' is certainly up for debate, most would undoubtedly refer to him as so. He was a simple and nice boy with nondescript features. If he were an ice cream flavor, he would be vanilla.
  And Soujyuro found Aoko to be very businesslike and full of life.
  There was a certain purpose to her movements, as they began and ended in an orderly fashion.
  The way her finger raised when she pointed at things...
  The way she made her way across the hallways and classrooms...
  The way she would occasionally glance back at him to make sure he was keeping pace...
  Each and every movement was so impressive that he couldn't take his eyes off her.
  Aoko showed him to his homeroom-Class C of the 11th grade.
  The room certainly displayed more of a human touch than the previous meeting room, but Soujyuro was none the wiser as to its function.
  Aoko gave a brief explanation before they visited individual subject classrooms, as well as the gym, cafeteria, locker room, and school infirmary.
  Soujyuro asked so many questions that much time passed before they reached the AV room on the second floor.
"...Oh dear."
  Soujyuro stopped, looking genuinely concerned.
"It's twenty to one already."
"Huh? You're kidding, right? This school isn't that big. We'll be done soon."
  The tour had begun around ten, which meant that three hours had passed.
  A tour of a school shouldn't take anywhere near this long.
"Maybe if you didn't ask so many questions, we'd be done by now. It's a miracle it's still light out."
  Aoko glared at Soujyuro.
  She was being sarcastic, of course, knowing full well he would never pick up on it.
(...Is he...?)
  To her surprise...
He looked down apologetically, unable to hide his dejection.
(Oops. I think I broke him.)
  The guy before her now was nothing like earlier.
  In contrast to seeing his once-impenetrable veneer when they first met, she found herself feeling sympathetic.
  Momentarily, at least, until her irritation returned in full force.
"What's the hurry?
  Don't tell me your brain's not big enough to remember all this stuff."
"Well, there's that, but it's more about it almost being one o'clock."
  Soujyuro's gaze wandered as if worried about something.
  If he was worried about the weather, he would have a hard time seeing it as there were no windows in this hallway.
"Don't tell me―you've got somewhere better to be.
  Thaaat's perfect. I take time out of my day for you, and you don't have the decency to even hang around.
  You're a real piece of work, you know that?"
"Umm, thanks, I guess? That's nice of you to say."
"Not a compliment!"
  She yelled at him, unable to hold back her fury.
"Well?"
"Well what?"
"What's happening in twenty minutes?"
  Soujyuro's face lit up, as he finally understood what she was asking him.
"It's a secret."
  He said with a perfectly straight face.
(Ugh. Every time I think I've got this guy figured out, he finds a way to trip me up.)
  Her frustration was natural.
Still, she did everything she could to stifle her feelings and fake a smile.
"You want to repeat that, Sizuki?"
  She took a step forward.
"Like I said, it's a secret."
  Feeling the mood change drastically, Soujyuro took a step back.
  And another... And another...
  No matter how many steps he took back, she kept edging toward him.
  She was smiling, but he thought he could see the blood boiling beneath her skin.
"Last question:
  Do you enjoy mocking me?"
  He had no intention of mocking her, though at this point he doubted presenting any evidence to prove this would do much to erase that forced smile on her face.
"...Let me explain."
  His arms raised in surrender.
  She halted her advance and freed her face from that unseemly smile.
"The truth is that my part-time job shift starts at one.
  But, students aren't allowed to have jobs, right?"
"Yeah... Wait, were you being tight-lipped because you thought you'd get in trouble? All you have to do is get permission, dweeb!"
"I know, and I did. I got permission when they accepted me to the school."
"Really."
  Aoko's face lit up as she realized he might not be the piece of work she thought him to be.
  Yet...
"But I only got permission for one of my jobs."
"Wait, you have more than one job?"
"Well, I quit two of them...
  Living expenses are bad enough, but now I have to earn money for school as well. Don't you think it's unreasonable of them to only let me work one job?"
"...No, I think you're the one who's being unreasonable."
  Though still irritated, her opinion of him changed a little.
  She was impressed that he was able to take care of his tuition and living expenses all on his own.
  She could also empathize with having no time to oneself. Her anger began to subside.
  The words 'part-time job' were about the last things she ever expected to hear out of this country boy's mouth.
"Well, you gotta do what you gotta do, I guess.
  It's fine. You can go. I get it."
"Will you be okay?"
  She had no idea what his question meant, but she at least understood he was trying to be considerate.
  Which also took her by surprise.
  She figured he'd be just as dense about people's feelings as he was about everything else.
"I'll be fine. I'll just head home."
  First, though, she thought it best that they both stop by the faculty room.
  Mr. Yamasiro had mentioned that the transfer procedures had already been completed, so all that remained was for him to sign off on her duties.
"I've finished showing him around."
"Great job. That goes for you, too, Sizuki. What did you think of our school?"
"Thank you for the tour. It's like a real school!"
"Hahaha. That's great to hear. Okay, then. Best of luck starting tomorrow!"
  She had no interest whatsoever in this pointless wrap-up meeting.
"You'll have to forgive Mr. Yamasiro.
  He likes the faculty room so much he chooses to kick back there while getting his students to do his dirty work for him. I bet he spends hours in there.
  Actually, that's pretty smart of him."
"Okay, Aozaki. If you're fine with it, then so am I."
"Huh?"
  There it was again.
  Whatever Soujyuro was getting at, Aoko had no idea.
"I'm going to get going. Thanks again for today."
"Yes, today. Today only."
  She shooed him away with her hand.
  His face bent into a broad smile, as if he found the gesture endearing.
  It was a softer expression than she had grown accustomed to seeing out of him.
  It was the kind of smile that would make anyone smile back.
  Well, most people at least...
  Aoko Aozaki didn't betray the slightest hint of a smile.
"See you later."
"Huh?"
  And with that friendly farewell, Soujyuro walked toward the end of the hallway.
  Or so she thought before he turned into the next class over.
"Did he just...?"
  Soujyuro headed straight for one of the classroom's windows.
  Whereupon he opened it with ease.
  The chilly November air filled the room as the soft sounds of the rain doubled in volume.
  In that instant, she realized his intention with opening the window--she really wished she hadn't.
"Nooo! Stop stop stop STOP!"
  He already had one leg out the window when she dashed to stop him.
"What do you think you're doing!?"
"What am I doing? I'm leaving for my job, that's what."
"You do know that this window isn't an exit, don't you!?
  I mean, do you even know what floor you're on!?"
  She saw the light of understanding dawn in his eyes.
"...Oh my god, I almost died. Who would put an exit here? This is dangerous."
"It's the lack of something between your ears that's dangerous."
  Her insult went right over his head.
"People here don't normally enter and exit through windows, okay?
  You should probably remember this information for future reference."
"Oh, I know. I just wanted to save some time.
  But thanks. I'll be more careful from now on."
  He pulled his leg back inside and closed the window.
  His school uniform was soaking wet from the rain.
"Hey, be my guest.
  Go outside any way you like. Just don't do it in front of me from now on.
  Anyway... You start school tomorrow, right?"
"Yeah. I'm a little nervous, though, which is why I came in early for the tour."
  He bid her farewell before running away down the hallway.
  She hoped he would walk down the stairs and leave through the school entrance, like a normal person.
"Ugh... I wonder if he's really going to be okay here."
  The image of him disappearing into the distance popped into her head, in spite of her ire.
  She had no intention of spending any more time with him, and yet, she felt strangely anxious.
  She couldn't tell if the feeling was fueled by concern or irritation.
  Why had she even gotten angry with this insignificant transfer student in the first place?
  A strange day with a strange transfer student resulting in strange emotions.
  Her head tilted as she reflected on what should have been a more enjoyable day than the irritating experience she just had.
"Whatever.
  It's not as if I'll see him again."
  The sound of the rain echoed quietly all around her.
  The gray sky seemed frozen in time.
  It was impossible to discern whether it was morning or evening.
  Mr. Yamasiro and Aoko were likely the only ones left at school.
  The unlit classroom looked overly gloomy and ominous as Aoko stood in it alone.
  She pulled up her left sleeve.
  Her dainty, unremarkable watch showed that it was almost one o'clock.
"He was right about the time."
  She looked out the window at the grounds below.
  She saw a boy in uniform running through the rain without an umbrella. A sight she must have seen before, but for whatever reason, affected her far more than she wished.
  Aoko did not stop by the faculty room before heading home.
  While Mr. Yamasiro's offer to drive her home was tempting, she decided it would ultimately be far more satisfying to ruin his day just as he had hers.
  She walked as quietly as she could toward the entrance and opened her bright red umbrella.
  As she had predicted that morning, the rain was waning in the afternoon.
  At this rate, it would probably cease completely in an hour or so.
  The distant sunshine would likely have reached her by the time she arrived home.
"Well, I suppose it could be worse."
  She shrugged her shoulders in resignation.
  She neither liked nor disliked rain, but she found herself enjoying her walk home with her red umbrella in hand.
  The teachers at Misaki High School weren't fond of bright colors, so Aoko's red umbrella was an unusual sight.
  A ghost story about how the umbrella was once pure white had been making the rounds, but it featured Aoko instead of a ghost.
  It was with that umbrella that she made her way toward Misaki Station.
  Misaki Private High School took its namesake from the town it was in.
  The area was once a sprawl of farmland and woodland, but rapid growth over the last ten years had led to unprecedented modernization.
  There were some who fought to preserve Misaki's natural treasures.
"I agree in principle to preserving the land, but not at the expense of our prosperity."
  With those words, the mayor snuffed out the voices of the minority and ushered in a long-term plan for new urban development.
  More than enough funds for the urban development were collected,
  and the unassuming town of Misaki became the largest municipality of Misaki City in merely ten years.
  Even though it lacked the modernity of neighboring Yashirogi
  or the elegance of Misaki Hills...
"What did people expect? To keep the town hidden atop the mountain forever? It's not like they were gonna flatten the mountain or something."
  Urbanization had been contained to the lowlands around the station, with most of the hills and mountains still standing as they did ten years prior.
  The exhaustion of funds succeeded in protecting the old Misaki where the citizens could not.
  It became a truly odd suburban town, welcoming an increasingly urban population with its vestiges of old country charm.
  Misaki High School was a private school established long before the town's current state.
  The original campus, built fifty years ago, was located high up in the mountains, making its current location its second incarnation.
  The path to the old grounds was not only steep and remote―
  it had become an overgrown game trail with the passage of time.
  For these reasons, among others, Misaki High School had been shuttered until almost 20 years ago, when it received a donation from a department store chain that allowed for the construction of a new campus in the city.
  And thus, Misaki High School reopened its doors, the old woodland campus forgotten.
  In fact, most of the students attending Misaki High School were not from Misaki at all.
  The hearty rustic people of this country town preferred prefectural schools to private ones.
  Truth be told, Aoko herself was one of them.
  All she had wanted after junior high was to move to Tokyo, where she hoped to spend her days touring her favorite bands on her way to entering a public university.
  But her hopes were dashed with her sister's departure, so here she was, walking alone in town with only a red umbrella to keep her company on what should have been a day off.
"...Looking back on it now...
  It's like my whole life has been one disaster after another."
  Her frustration evaporated into the cold December air.
"Oh well. At least it's not boring."
  With those words, her mood brightened a bit as she left the school in her wake.
  The busier part of town met her at the bottom of the gently sloping road.
  Misaki's train station was brand new.
  Once looking no prettier than an abandoned factory, it had been renovated into a multi-purpose structure with huge department stores on its east and west sides.
  When the department stores first opened, Aoko and her friends had been impressed with their modern feel, but in time, the stores, too, became dated.
  She had no shopping to do today, so she passed them by.
  What she really wanted to do was rest at a café, but she fought the urge, knowing her roommate would never let her hear the end of it if she frittered away her money―
"..."
  She looked back and blinked.
  For just a moment, she could have sworn she had seen someone suspicious in a red dress out of the corner of her eye.
"...
Heh."
  It must have been her imagination.
  The sixth-sense chill she was experiencing down her spine was a familiar one at this point.
  She continued her walk home, brushing off the event as if it had never happened.
  In time, the chill faded and all that was left was the sounds of the town.
"...Ugh..."
  She sighed heavily.
  Had she imagined it?
  Even if it had all been in her head, she was far from comfortable with the feeling that still lingered.
"...Even mosquitoes have the grace to buzz off eventually."
  She grumbled under her breath.
"...Whether good or bad, this too shall pass, so the saying goes.
  Yeah. I've got enough on my plate as it is."
  Unfortunately, summer and bugs go hand-in-hand.
  She could see how bugs could be drawn to all the sweet fruit.
  Rank with grease and heat, the kitchen was closed for the time being.
  The lunch rush had come and gone.
  But one last battle remained: dinner time. Only after the evening chaos could the kitchen crew remove their white armor and call it a day.
  In the midst of the warzone was a lone newcomer.
"Umm, do I have to wear this?"
  His voice was uneasy, betraying how new he was.
"I know how you feel, man. I feel the same. Unfortunately, it's the boss's orders, so you'll have to suck it up, okay? 'The future of this shopping arcade is at stake'... apparently. I really hate to ask, but the rain has stopped, so would you mind going out for me? Get back in one piece, and I'll buy you dinner."
  His bright orange co-worker clasped his hands together as if to beg for forgiveness as he saddled him with this unreasonable task.
  Ten years ago, Misaki City was a town of farm and woodland.
  But everything had changed. The front of the station was now lined with tall multi-story buildings, and the residential areas were similarly full of apartment complexes. The once rustic scenery around the station had long become a thing of the past.
  Shiroinuzuka was the only place in the city that still contained vestiges of the old town. A pocket of the past inside an urban jungle.
  The road extended up a conspicuously high hill,
  to an old residential district far from the hustle and bustle of the train station.
  Long ago, it had been considered unwise to build on high ground, so nobody lived above a certain elevation.
  Shiroinuzuka, sitting as it did atop a hill in the middle of town, was no exception to that convention and had no residences to speak of.
  The asphalt continued for some time, eventually giving way to a mountain road that was swallowed into the cover of trees.
  A lone vending machine stood to mark the boundary between town and beyond.
  Even the children knew that there was nothing beyond the new playground in development that so enthralled them.
  Well, that was not entirely true.
  There was nothing... besides the haunted house.
  Aoko Aozaki traversed the long slope.
  Below her, she could see the whole of Misaki.
  The symmetrical town looked like a miniature set from this height.
  It would look like a painting if there had been a sea next to it, but unfortunately, Misaki City was very much landlocked.
  While it was overcast at the moment, the scene was quite breathtaking on clear evenings.
  The view was the one thing that made the arduous climb worthwhile, and today, she had been denied even that.
"...Ugh. I'd cycle home if it wasn't for this rain. Even a bus route would be a fine thing."
  Aoko had been using this road to get to school for almost two years now, but the journey had never gotten easier.
"Oh, it's locked?
  I guess Alice isn't back yet."
  With a weary shrug, she put her hand on the rusty iron fence.
  Quietly, the heavy gate swung open as if to welcome her home.
  "...There sits atop that hill a haunted house."
  That is how the story much shared around town used to begin.
  But fresh rumors about the house had sprung to life almost as fast as the town's modernization:
  Despite being dilapidated and abandoned for many years, lights can be seen inside the house at night...
  An angry murder of crows often gathers atop the hill before mysteriously vanishing...
  Children get lost in the fog, never to be seen again...
  Late at night, a shrieking sound can be heard all the way to town-this particular piece of slander was the one Aoko wished to discredit the most.
  The final rumor was of an eye-catching luxury car that sometimes made its way up and down the hill.
  The rumors spread and grew by the day.
  And while they grew, the house that everyone thought had rotted away was restored over the recent years.
  Deep in a wood on top of a hill no one dared to approach,
  like a ruin, shrouded from view even on the brightest of days,
  stood a relic out of time, a building from a fairy tale.
  The house...
  ...was the Kuonji Mansion.
  Everyone in town knew about the witch's house on the hill.
  It was an unabashedly haunted house where Aoko Aozaki resided, for reasons known only to her.
  Needless to say, it was not really haunted.
  The Kuonji family home was a grand Western-style mansion with a long and storied history, stretching all the way back to England.
  It was too small to be a dormitory, yet too big to be called a house.
  The main building contained as many as three normal houses' worth of rooms and was surrounded by a large all-encompassing courtyard.
  The perimeter of the grounds was surrounded by a high, iron fence covered in thorny vines.
  There was also an annex to the main building.
  Given such extravagance, it was no wonder that it inspired rumors.
  To the town residents, the mere existence of such a lavish and out-of-place mansion on top of the hill was a cause for suspicion.
  Rumors, lies, and slander were the prices to be paid for fame.
  With only two lodgers, it was hard to disagree with the perception that vampires must be living here.
"...Well, I know I'm not one, but Alice..."
  She put her hand on the front door.
  It was a grand double door that would have paired well with a brass lock, and yet, it was secured with little more than a simple keyhole.
  Pushing it open with one hand, she entered the supposedly haunted house.
  ...And by the way...
  If vampires were not enough to scare you, ghosts were known to appear on certain nights.
  Much like the weather outside, the foyer was overcast with shades of gray.
  Perhaps by deliberate design, the architect had chosen not to include any lights in the entrance area.
  The ceiling was two floors high.
  The only light in the room came from the skylight.
  It was particularly gloomy on rainy days.
  On moonless nights, it was like the world itself ceased to be.
  Aoko decided the drawing room to the east would be a good place to rest, but knowing that she would not be able to relax until she changed clothes, she started up the stairs.
  The stairs curled up the wall to the second-floor hall.
  There was a third-floor attic as well, accessible from the far end of the hall.
  She had never set foot in there in the two years she had lived here, though.
  The Kuonji mansion was more or less divided into two wings: east and west.
  Aoko had been given the entire east wing, but two rooms were more than enough as far as she was concerned.
  She had no desire to open a door that would trap you in a storybook world or lead to an attic that had only been used for storage these last five years.
  Aoko's room was at the end of the east wing's long corridor.
  She had elected for a smaller room for no other reason other than that she thought it would be easier to clean.
  It was furnished with a large bed, her beloved mahogany desk, a wardrobe and chest for her clothes, and two nine-shelf bookcases.
  That was the extent of what she'd brought from home.
  Her entire life of sixteen years, reduced to this.
  She'd also borrowed the next room down for her own purposes.
"Oh yeah. I should check on the watchtower I got from Alice."
  She needed to see if the project she had been working on all night had borne fruit.
  The study next door served as proof of the life she had been living for the last year and how different that life was from the one she had lived before.
  It was not a room for the person she had been.
  It was a room for the person she would eventually become. A place of solitude that only she could enter. Or so she thought...
"Wow. Not only did it break, it vanished without a trace... Looks like I've still got a long way to go... Go ahead, laugh it up, Robin."
  The nosy neighbor that had intruded upon her sanctuary flew away.
  While not exceptionally talented, Aoko did not lack for effort and was not afraid to fail.
  One could have almost mistaken her approach for optimism.
  She changed out of her uniform and returned to the first floor.
  Down the stairs, she opened the door to the east wing into the corridor as dark as a cellar.
  The absence of windows meant it was pitch black without the lights on, so she flicked the switch and entered the nearby doorway.
"Life without electricity... I don't even want to imagine it."
  It had been her idea to update the drawing room.
  The walls were decorated with extravagant patterns,
  and around the room were large, majestic sofas,
  and a luxurious Persian rug.
  Amidst it all was a thirty-inch television that seemed completely out of place.
  It stood looking over the other furniture like the emperor with no clothes.
  The mansion's owner would have rather done without it, but to a commoner like Aoko it was an essential commodity.
  They had fought over its presence at first, but eventually came to an agreement and now mutually enjoyed this modern comfort.
"Guess I'm one to talk.
  I came from a pretty traditional household myself."
  Now in a somewhat pleasant mood, she decided to brew some tea.
  She boiled some water in the kitchen, prepared a teapot, and made herself some black tea.
"Whew."
  With a flop, she sank into the sofa.
  She took a sip of her tea, then another.
  Lulled by the ticking of the clock, she took a third sip as she pondered how to spend her afternoon.
  The sofa almost seemed to be inviting her, and she sunk even further into its comforting embrace.
"..."
  Aoko blearily opened her eyes as she lifted her body up from the cushions.
  This was no dream or delusion.
  At some point, a girl had sat down across from her.
  Not the least bit surprised, she reached for her teacup.
  But the tea within had gone completely cold.
"Did I doze off?"
  She asked the question to the girl on the other side of the table.
"Yes."
  The girl answered without lifting her gaze.
  When silent, she could have been mistaken for a beautiful doll.
  The girl sitting on the opposite sofa was reading an old book.
  She had delicate limbs and pale white skin.
  Not a hint of humanity emanated from her melancholic aura.
  She had darker hair than Aoko,
  and her icy eyes were focused on the pages in front of her.
  Her clothes resembled that of a nun but were actually her school uniform.
  In Aoko's humble opinion, the gloominess suited her.
  She evoked something like out of a painting.
  There was something unreal about her, as if she were frozen in time.
  The white of her gently arched neck was so lovely that even Aoko found herself enchanted by it.
  The girl was one of the haunted house's two residents.
  Her name was Alice Kuonji, and she was the same age as Aoko.
"How long was I asleep?"
"At least an hour. You'll catch a cold if you keep sleeping here."
  Alice answered indifferently. Not that it bothered Aoko, who was now used to it.
  She looked at the clock on the wall and saw that it was already seven.
  She had been asleep for two hours.
  The day had been a rough one for her, and she had slept little the night before, so it was no surprise that she had dozed off for as long as she had.
"You could have woken me up.
  Now my tea is cold."
"It was already cold by the time I got here."
"I'm sure it was. I'm just saying..."
  Aoko drank down the rest of the cold tea in one gulp.
  In the poorly-heated Kuonji mansion, that was more than enough to clear her head and wake up.
"Nothing quite beats this tea, not even the expensive kind from Britain.
  Anyway, welcome home, Alice. The universe seems determined to keep me from even the occasional luxury without you.
  Ugh, what is it about today? Is it just my luck, or what? At this rate I'm due a temple visit, just to be safe."
  Aoko shrugged her shoulders as if resigning herself to her fate.
"Something happen?"
  After two years together, they knew each other quite well.
  Aoko had one way of asking questions,
  and Alice had another.
  Alice asked without raising her head, and Aoko gave her the details.
"I should start by apologizing.
  The project I was working on all night was a total failure. I only took my eyes off it for a second, but I think it boiled over and fell apart.
Though I'll add that I shuffled the circulation codes as a precaution."
  Aoko tried to laugh it off as if it was someone else's problem.
"...And?"
"Something came up this morning, and I was called into school.
  They made me show this transfer student around, and it took up my whole day. By the time I got back, it had vanished without a trace.
  You're not mad, are you?"
"...Hardly. If I got mad every time you broke something, there would be no end to the fighting.
  I have more materials, so you can just start over.
  However, aren't you really the one who's angry?"
"...Hmph."
  Alice was very much on point today.
  It was true that, despite outward appearances, Aoko was seething with frustration.
  That aside...
"True enough. The transfer student I mentioned earlier was a real piece of work.
  He's been living deep in the mountains and has literally zero common sense. I know people say that the mountains are like an entirely different world, but I had no idea how true it was, Alice."
  Alice raised her head in response to hearing her name,
  but Aoko kept going on before she could get a word in edgewise. Aoko, after all, expected no sympathy in the first place.
"We didn't get along well from the start, but things really took a turn for the worse when I took him to a classroom.
  He apparently thought it was a place where you'd get one-on-one tutoring. And that's not all... I mean, you're never gonna believe this..."
"What do you think he asked when I politely explained what a classroom is to him?
  He goes, 'but then what are the other classrooms for?'
  Unbelievable, right!?
  I mean, a classroom is a classroom!"
"And no matter how vague or unhelpful anything I said was, he just kept nodding.
  It's like he was just taking everything at face value. I don't know if he just lacks an imagination or never uses it.
  Anyway... he at least seemed to grasp most of what I told him the first time around, so I suppose he's not a complete idiot."
"It's rare to see you so judgmental.
  Is it really worth getting worked up over someone like that?"
"I couldn't care less about him. I'm just worried he'll screw up somehow."
  What she was really worried about was having to clean up that mess if and when it happened.
  That had to be it.
  If not, it would mean she had no real idea why she could not get him out of his head.
"Well, he was a weirdo all right. You two would probably hit it off great."
"Another world in the mountains doesn't sound so bad."
  But from her eyes it was clear that the question of whether they would get along was irrelevant, given that they would never meet in the first place.
  Aoko gave a noncommittal response.
"Anyway, what have you been reading?"
"A book about spiritual evolution based on The Spiritual Diary."
"Ah, Swedenborg, huh? Is that really worth reading again?"
"I wouldn't bother if it were the original, but this is a knock-off.
  It exaggerates the pros and cons of Swedenborg's style and reads like a well-written adventure. Having the secret organization Kant standing in his way was a nice addition.
  ...The handwriting of the notes in the margin belongs to your grandfather, by the way."
"Huh, I had no idea he was into that sort of thing.
  He had a great sense of humor. I really miss him."
  Aoko seemed nostalgic over her now-deceased grandfather.
"He just contacted you this last summer, didn't he?"
"Do we really have to go there? Why can't dead stay dead?"
  Aoko sighed and laid back on the sofa.
  The soft cushions caved in under her weight.
"As I was saying..."
  Alice shot a glance at Aoko.
  Her body, buried in the sofa, remained as still as a corpse.
  It was clear Aoko had tuned out of the conversation.
  Alice silently chastised her with a look.
  The more she thought about it, the less important the events of the day seemed to become.
  If she just ignored Alice, the conversation would end there.
  They would eventually get up and leave today's mistake unresolved for another day.
  However...
 That's not the kind of person Aoko Aozaki was.
"Yeah. What is it?"
  She asked still lying down.
"It's upsetting that you failed today."
"Like I said, I'm thinking about it.
  I need to focus on becoming a full-fledged mage before thinking about school, I know that."
"I hope you do."
  The coldness in her voice made Aoko gnash her teeth.
  She knew what Alice wanted to say.
  She knew better than anyone.
  The veneer she wore for school was different than the way she lived at home.
  While it could be called hiding in plain sight, Alice thought it was silly.
  And what the silence told her was...
('Make up your mind already,' I know.)
  Today's failure was not a colossal one.
  She'd just happened to upset the delicate balance between her home and school lives, chasing one at the expense of the other.
  And yet, that careless mistake was a clear sign of Aoko's lack of commitment.
(This doesn't concern Alice.
  It's my decision to make.)
  She had only known for sure for the last year and a half.
  But she'd had a hunch for as long as she could remember:
"Make the choice, and the day will come."
  It was little wonder that her morals and conscience had been stripped away.
  Aoko pushed herself back up.
  She was met by Alice's cold beauty and wordless gaze.
"Okay, Alice. We can do it next week.
  That work for you?"
"As long as it works for you."
  Aoko could not help but shake her head, feeling like she was hearing something similar for the second time that day.
  Even in the comfort of her own, she couldn't banish thoughts of that country boy from her mind.
"I'll let you set it up, then. That's still beyond my abilities."
"Should we do it at that park?"
"Sure. The line there is suitable enough. But what about that other thing?
  Isn't that a more urgent concern?"
"It depends on the conditions. I'll let you know if there are any changes to the woods."
  After that brief exchange, Alice returned her attention to the book on her lap.
  Shop talk was over.
  Now, they could return to their normal relationship as roommates.
  Aoko grabbed the remote and turned on the TV. Since Alice was busy reading, Aoko decided to tune in to a variety show that had already started.
"Ahh-"
  Alice started to speak but suddenly cut herself off.
  One of her delicate hands raised to her mouth.
  She would always cut herself off the second she realized she was about to say something trivial.
  Sometimes, her self-restraint would hit too late, and she would make a gesture like the one she was making now.
  It occurred to Aoko that the "ah" sound her cute little roommate made just now was different than the "wha" she blurted in times past.
"Hm? What is it?"
  Aoko turned down the volume on the TV, her intense eyes lit up like those of a mischievous cat.
"It's nothing really, but..."
"But what?"
  Alice looked away bashfully, not knowing if she should bring it up or not.
  It was times like these that her expression carried a real warmth and surprising charm.
  If he could see her in this moment, Alice's father would have to admit that her name suited her perfectly.
"...
It's just that I saw something strange on my way home and wanted to tell someone about it."
  Aoko nodded, beckoning her to continue.
"It's silly, really.
  But I just can't make sense of it no matter how much I think about it.
  Aoko... Do you have any idea why a man-sized cat... would be riding around town... delivering meals to people?"
  For a second, Aoko thought Alice was trying and failing miserably to make a joke again.
  One would think that about anyone, really.
  But she seemed completely serious.
  Even if Alice's sense of humor fell flat for Aoko, this story already sounded more fanciful than Alice's usual attempt at jokes. Aoko concluded that her roommate was talking about something she had actually seen.
"Hmm. There are a few things off about that. Maybe we should break it down."
"Let's not. Even I can think of a few mundane explanations.
  I'm just asking because I can't figure out why somebody would do that.
  Maybe it's as simple as someone just dressing up in a finely-crafted cat suit to deliver food for a restaurant?"
"I'm more worried about the person doing it than their reasons, personally."
  Alice nodded tentatively at her words.
"But whatever does it for them, I guess. In a world with people like us and weirdos that live like mountain hermits, there's no telling what kinds of freaks are out there.
  I personally would have just gone up to them and asked them what they were doing."
  Alice's gaze drifted at that.
"Hmm... A delivery cat riding through neighborhoods in the evening. Sounds like something straight out of a fantasy story.
  ...Hey, what should we do for dinner tonight?
  Speaking of delivery, maybe we should order in."
  Aoko loved getting takeout, and her faced glowed as she spoke.
  They had no hard rules for dinner, but if one of them was in the mood to cook, they made it a point to make enough for two.
  At the very worst, this meant entire weeks without dinner, but the two of them agreed that this was the system that worked best for them.
  Whether they found cooking to be too much effort or simply liked ordering out...
  Nights like this one were a common occurrence, much to the chagrin of the restaurants of Misaki Town.
  Delivering to the mansion meant coming all the way up to the top of this hill, the source of their disgruntlement.
"It's still before eight, so we're good. I'm really in the mood for Kongetsu tonight. I haven't had their tsukimi soba in ages."
  The hungry student council president laid out a stack of take-out menus like she might fan a deck of cards, and excitedly scanned for anything that stood out.
Alice casually responded without sparing so much as a glance.
"Sorry, but I've already had dinner."
  With those words, Aoko froze.
  All deliveries required a minimum of two items, so she was out of luck without an accomplice.
  Cruel society had decided it couldn't be bothered to deliver to a princess who only ordered a single serving of food.
  Incidentally, to counteract orders from the hilltop mansion, the restaurants had declared,
"The minimum number of orders will be three, starting next year."
  Aoko and Alice were still in the dark to this fiendish change in direction.
"T-traitor!
  Is that why you were late getting back!?
  Between the bus ride and the walk, the trip home takes only twenty minutes! I should have known something was up when you didn't get home before five o'clock!"
  Unfortunately for Aoko, she had been too out of it to even remember that she was the one who'd fallen asleep.
"Talk about ice queen-I thought it was clear that if either of us got food, we would bring enough home for the other person!
  Didn't I bring back something for you when I ate out last time!?"
  It was unknown how serious Aoko was being, but she was visibly angry.
  She had already woken up hungry that morning, and from the time she was called into school until now, she had consumed nothing but tea. It was a small miracle that her stomach was not growling.
  She knew it was her own fault, but she persisted, wanting to get revenge on Alice for scolding her earlier.
"By 'last time' you mean...
  The time you went into the city and ate sushi but only came back with a plastic bag full of convenience store food? That time?"
  Aoko had kicked a hornet's nest.
"S-so what? It was better than nothing, wasn't it?"
"There are times when you'd be better off saying nothing at all."
  Alice's icy gaze pierced right through her.
  Aoko had certainly crossed a line by going on and on about how the sushi circled around the restaurant while Alice ate her convenience store meal.
  But new things fascinated her, and she couldn't contain her curiosity towards the conveyer belt sushi shops that started popping up at the time. They were nothing short of miraculous.
  Even honesty can be a sin, given the right circumstances.
"Fine. Fine, I get it. Does this at least mean we're even now?"
  Alice went back to her book without so much as recognizing the question.
  The fact that she did not confirm it made Aoko anxious.
"Well, today has been a total disaster.
  I guess I'll just whip up something in the kitchen."
  She stood up, announcing her intent to no one in particular.
"Oh, I almost forgot to ask. Where did you end up eating, anyway?"
  Alice's hand froze on her current page.
  She suddenly shut the book she was reading and stood up, as if at wits' end.
  She walked across the drawing room with her book in hand.
  When she reached the door, she stopped and turned toward Aoko.
"You really want to know?"
"Um, sure."
  Aoko nodded timidly, cowed by Alice's sudden vigor.
  Alice continued in her matter-of-fact way.
"The cat gave me one of his leftover deliveries."
  And with that brief response, she left the room.
  Morning in the city moved incredibly fast.
  It made one wonder if it was even a morning at all, with people so bright-eyed and bushy-tailed.
"..."
  The unfamiliar roar that awoke him reminded him of a rockslide.
  The identity of the monstrous sound was the engine of a motorcycle. Mr. Yoshida, his neighbor, was leaving for work.
  It was hard to determine when night ended and morning began here.
  The town's urbanization was synonymous with insomnia.
"Already? It's barely sun-up yet... Where could Mr. Yoshida be going so early?"
  He sluggishly lifted himself off the floor.
  He caught himself starting to survey his surroundings out of habit before deciding better of it, and made his way to the washroom.
  There, he poured himself a cup of water and slowly gulped it down.
  Having been relegated to well water until recently, he found the convenience pleasing.
  'Pleased' was definitely the word that best described how he felt.
  Civilization is about erasing inconveniences through optimization.
  The reduction of labor in our daily lives.
  Mr. Koga had taught him that while the essentials were easier than ever to get our hands on, life itself was growing more and more complex.
  So too was it his duty to adjust to his new reality.
  As a distant relative of Soujyuro's father, Mr. Koga had taken Soujyuro in, even though the boy had been little more than a stranger in his life till that point.
  Mr. Koga had helped him get registered at school and find an apartment to lease.
  Though, he had insisted that Soujyuro handle his residence card and register his change of address by himself.
  This series of procedures proved exceedingly difficult for Soujyuro, but knowing that this was a part of his new city life, he did his best to complete them diligently.
(While they may have a reputation for being a stickler for the rules, city offices aren't all that bad.)
  It was the first thing Soujyuro learned after beginning his life in the city.
  Two weeks had elapsed since he left the countryside.
  As uneasy as living alone made him feel, he felt he could make it work.
  It was not as if the people here spoke another language, and Mr. Koga was absolutely right about how practical the rules of the city were.
  Soujyuro continued down the hard, but surprisingly walkable path.
  Before work, he jogged in the park to pass the time.
  Even exercise like this offered lessons for Soujyuro to learn.
  Each passing person was a new face to look at.
  The old man who greeted him,
  the young worker with his eyes on the ground,
  and the girl on the bench, surrounded by birds...
  They were all unfamiliar sights to Soujyuro.
  Unaccustomed to the city, he labored to understand its rules.
  Whether they were complex, simple,
  or completely meaningless...
  Compared to mountain life, which only dealt with nature, city life left one with way too many options.
  One could argue that such an environment was toxic for Soujyuro.
  His life was a string of unsettling moments.
  But amongst it all, there were rules that he sincerely admired.
  For one, that the city revolved around various forms of profit and loss.
  The fact that one only needed money to get the bare essentials to survive the city was a comforting thought to Soujyuro.
"Hey, not everything's that simple.
  Money is just a symbol. It's the other stuff that truly matters.
  Money ain't that different from those free shoulder massage coupons people hand out, and it's not like the food you buy with a ten-thousand yen bill won't turn out bogus. Look, money can't buy you happiness, you get me?"
"Maybe."
"'Maybe'!? Are you for real? Man, I can't believe you right now.
  One day you're happy to break your back working a full day for a measly four thousand yen, the next you're elbow-deep in dirty dishes saying, 'It's all about the money.' What's your major malfunction?"
"No, I think that the current system is kind of amazing. To be honest, I never realized how limited bartering can be.
  Anyway, Kinomi--you're gonna drop that if you aren't careful."
"Huh? Crap! Ooh, damn! That was close! If I break any more, it'll be my head next!
  Thanks for the save. So...what did you want to talk to me about? It's money, isn't it?"
"Exactly. I learned my lesson the hard way, but now I know that it's better to have more money than less. That's why I'd like to work even more than I am now."
"Are you for real? You already wash dishes like a machine.
  Didn't I just how money can't buy happiness? Love can, but... Back right up. Why's the water so cold? Say, we should probably get paid more for washing dishes in the winter, huh?"
"It's cold all right, but nothing I can't handle.
  Mountain water is so cold it hurts."
"I didn't mean it was ice water, you hick. That thick skin of yours can be real annoying, you know that?
  For someone who couldn't even work a cash register four days ago, you sure got comfortable workin' for The Man. I guess money really is everything. The power of capitalism ain't nothing to mess with!"
"Shut yer pie holes, part-timers! The door's right there if you wanna quit!
  I don't have the cash to waste on deadbeats!"
  The complaints and chopsticks flew at them like a storm.
  This mess of a Chinese restaurant manager was a stubborn man who was willing to let minors work for him and didn't shy from violence, even if it was directed at the son of a lifelong friend.
  Soujyuro felt that this is what Sparta must have been like.
"Look, he's angry. We need to work harder."
"Wow, your nose get any browner yet? Me, I'm tryin' to make the most of my teens.
  Whatever. Right, been meaning to ask...
  Are you the type that likes to go out on late-night strolls or more of a bicycle kind of guy? Not that it really matters, but..."
"Hm? It's always late when I go home after the restaurant, but that's not what you're asking, is it? I'm not really into walking when it's late out. Why do you ask?"
"No reason. Like, you just moved here. Kinda weird question, but don't you think the town is dangerous? Not like people are bad or nothing.
  But I mean, you know that we get ten attacks like outta a slasher flick every year, right? And since they started there's-"
"What's a slasher?"
"You don't know!?
  It's like... when a thief snatches someone's purse... No, bad example.
It's more like someone's killing to see if they can get away with it. Buncha dead people in the woods near the suburbs. Real gnarly.
  That's why you shouldn't go out too late. The park in Misaki Hills is a hot spot for the weird stuff.
  Haven't you heard about how they think the freak doing it is some chick with a sliced mouth?"
"Nope. This is the first I've heard of a sliced-mouth woman."
"Like I said, slasher film shit. They say her mouth extends all the way to her ears.
  It's a pretty old-school kinda urban legend, these days."
"How did it go again? There's a woman in a coat who asks 'Am I beautiful?' in the dead of night.
  Even if you say she is, she'll follow you home and kill you.
Intense chicks like that are a no-no. It's like, something you'd see in an American comic book."
"...That sounds really scary.
  Does she actually follow you home?"
"They say she crawls in through a window.
  Squeezes her way in like a cockroa-
AAAGH!"
"I told you not to utter that word in this kitchen! I'm gonna kill you, you little turd!"
  The back of Kinomi's head exploded in pain with the impact of his boss's frying pan.
  Soujyuro was reminded of just how dangerous this town could be.
"'I'm gonna kill you, I'm gonna kill you!' Yeah right! I'd like to see him try!
  And what kind of boss says that anyway!? This is a restaurant, ain't it!? Well, maybe calling it that is too much!"
"Is your head okay, Kinomi?"
"Huh? Ah, it's nothing. People tell me I'm real tough. Especially my head.
  Anyway, avoid the dark, okay? You look like a sitting duck."
"Thanks.
  By the way, is ten victims per year a lot?"
"Don't know. It probably isn't a lot, but it totally ain't a few either.
  The real scary shit is that they're still out there, somewhere, since they haven't been caught!"
  He laughed cheerfully.
  Kinomi was probably trying to take the edge off of his story, but the noble intention of his laugh was completely lost on Soujyuro.
  His friendly warning was equally futile.
  Soujyuro was simply impressed that Kinomi was able to laugh it off.
  On the way home...
  Nobody ahead or behind. Soujyuro proceeded through the dimly lit street when suddenly...
"...?"
  He turned to face an... improbable sound.
"...Ouch!"
  Something stabbed him in the head, and fell to the floor.
  He frowned.
  A small bird had apparently flown into the telephone pole before landing on his head.
  The starling cleaned itself off and flew away.
  The falling of the bird
  and its desperate escape thereafter
  was unlike anything he had experienced in his life up to now.
  Most of the townsfolk would have seen the incident as unlucky, ominous, or even sinister, but Soujyuro just nodded and went about his business.
  You must understand...
  What might have been a first for him was surely an everyday occurrence for these city folk.
"I'm home! Alice, you here yet?
  I got some stuff from the arcade while on the way home from church!
  They're Iseya rice crackers, you wanna share some?"
  Her voice reverberated through the foyer dyed in the colors of the setting sun.
  It was after five in the afternoon when Aoko, still in her school uniform, cheerfully returned home.
  She had finished her student council duties and attended her monthly meeting with the church.
"...Welcome back.
  I see that the meeting went as planned."
  The voice was coming from the second floor.
  In contrast with Aoko and her boundless energy, a considerably calmer girl descended from above.
"There were some complaints but all in all it went well.
  Our problems are ours alone, so I decided not to get them involved. You okay with that, Alice?"
"...Yes. I'd ask for their help in a pinch, but they can't be trusted. We'll call on them to clean up the mess, as usual."
"Agreed. No one likes to have to keep looking over their shoulder. We can't fully commit to this if we're worried about what's going on elsewhere."
"...Well, I can, but...
  You don't have time for that, do you, Aoko?"
"Hmph."
  Tap, tap.
  With the graceful sounds of her steps, Alice entered the foyer.
  ...As she did, Aoko's eyes were directed toward the skylight above.
"The glass is kind of dirty."
"I wanted to discuss that. After today's business is concluded, that is.
  ...Are you feeling okay, Aoko? You can rest if you're not."
"Huh? Oh, don't be such a nag. I'm not stressed or anything. Today was pretty normal. Do I look that tired?"
  As school activities went, today's were a breeze.
  At a glance, her school life might have seemed almost idyllic.
  Though the more she thought about it, some headache-inducing incidents may have stood out here and there.
  And with some sincere introspection, Aoko might have recognized the signs of her own mental fatigue, but doing so would have further added to her stress.
"Okay, enough about that. I didn't come home just to stress out over school.
  What were we learning about today...? Mesmerize basics, right? 'Wish'? 
  Then let's get started. I feel like I could master anything today."
  Aoko focused on shedding her anger and stress,
  and headed upstairs with gusto.
"Aren't you coming? I thought we were going to do it in your room, Alice?"
"..."
  The formally dressed Alice nodded in slight dissatisfaction.
"Are we going to eat those Iseya rice crackers today, or...?"
  She looked at the freshly baked treats Aoko was holding.
  In the end, their lesson took place after Alice had her cup of tea.
  For an apprentice like Aoko, Alice Kuonji was the kind of roommate and teacher that was hard to come by.
  If she insisted that Aoko rest to preserve her health, Aoko had no choice but to comply.
  The lesson was over after two hours, so the two finished the dinner they had prepared and decided on a change of venue for where they would spend the last hours of the day.
  The sunroom was next to the drawing room in the east wing of the residence and offered a view of the beautiful grounds.
  The proud Kuonji estate's luxurious sunroom featured furnishings on par with those in the splendid drawing room. Meanwhile...
"It's going to be a jungle come next year's summer."
  The grounds outside had fallen into disrepair, neglected by the owner.
"Don't you have any landscaping Ploys lying around, Alice?"
  Aoko took a step into the sunroom and poured some tea.
"I'm sure I could find one, but it would take some effort."
  Playing along with her roommate's joke, Alice made to sit in her chair,
  just as she caught sight of the box of chocolates on the table. Her lovely eyes narrowed in a frown.
"D-Don't be like that. Today's screw-up was half your fault, you know?
  Maybe the rice crackers threw us off our game, or maybe it was me being too aggressive that turned that Wish into a Gandr, but still..."
"We're down six pieces."
"We are? Wait, that's what you're upset about?"
  Aoko's eyes stared intently at the box of chocolates.
  You could search the world and never find a finer selection of chocolates.
  The brand was Sixpence Songs, apparently.
"So, what was it about the mirror you wanted to talk about?
  It's still in Misaki mode, right? Not mansion mode?"
"Yes. The mansion can take care of itself for the time being, so I changed its target to Misaki City. ...Things have been cloudy there since yesterday.
  Now I know for certain that with each passing day, the forces arrayed against us grow."
"You mean there's more of those things?"
"There's the one who was captured, and I've witnessed two other suspicious types. One in the city and one in the woods outside of town."
"Ugh. Is it too much to ask that you could be wrong, just this once?
  Which one is causing the biggest ruckus?"
"...The one in the woods. I'm getting close to capturing it, but it knows it's being watched. It's not taking the bait."
"I see...
You wanna go after it tonight?"
  To go after it tonight...
  One simple suggestion that would change the course of her life forever.
  It was no overstatement to say that this was a roll of the dice that would decide whether she had the moxie to survive the experience of jumping out of a plane with a torn parachute.
  Aoko swallowed her hesitation and fear with a little tea.
  On the school's anniversary night, she declared that she had made up her mind, and from that time on, she would not waver.
  Alice welcomed her roommate's strength with the barest hint of regret.
"..."
  As someone who shared the same motivations as her, Alice was ultimately reassured by Aoko's resolve.
  Well, perhaps more pleased than reassured.
  All in all it had taken the better part of a year, but finally Aoko had stepped out of Alice's shadow.
  The two partners now shared the same fate.
  Aoko was not the partner Alice had asked for, but a partner nonetheless.
  Strangers, worlds apart.
  And even if eventually they would battle each other to the death using all they had inherited, it was only right they did it on equal terms.
  It was, at least for now, a cause for celebration over how far Aoko had come.
"...Generous, but I'll be fine on my own tonight.
  The time would be better spent practicing Mesmerize a little more. The park is under your jurisdiction, so I'll put you to work when the time comes."
  Alice did not so much as look at Aoko as she explained her reasons.
  The scale of the enemy she would face that night...
  Her plans for Aoko...
  For in only two days from now, Aoko Aozaki would be reborn.
"Fine. Whatever you say."
  Aoko finished her tea and stood up from her seat.
"I guess I'm practicing, then.
  Uhm, how did the first part go again? 'Be light and frail, nimble and fast. Tick-tock, tick-tock, there's no time to waste.' That right?"
"Ugh, no. You're missing the quiet part. Remember, 'the weight of the air, the tremble of one's breast. Light lags behind while shadows pull ahead.'
  Be careful. Or you may find yourself in a state of unease."
"Yeah, yeah, I remember now. Now, if you'll excuse me..."
  Aoko grabbed a piece of chocolate and popped it into her mouth.
"......"
  She waved before leaving Alice alone in silence.
  Alice stiffened a moment before slamming the box of chocolates shut as if it could serve to scold Aoko for snacking.
  GOOD MORNING.
  TIME CHECK: 00:00
  24 HOURS SINCE LAST UPDATE.
  RUNNING BACKUP... TRANSMITTING LOG...
  COMMENCING LOCAL SCAN...
  RUNNING ATMOSPHERIC ANALYSIS:
  NITROGEN: NOMINAL.
  OXYGEN: NOMINAL.
  ARGON: NOMINAL.
  CARBON DIOXIDE: NOMINAL.
  FIFTH THEORETICAL FACTOR: MULTIPLE ANOMALIES DETECTED.
  LOCAL SPACE-TIME DISCREPANCY DETECTED.
  CONCLUSION: CONTACT, CLASS 1 THREAT.
  SHIFTING PERCEPTION RANGE FROM SUBJECTIVE TO OBJECTIVE...
  SHIFTING AUTONOMOUS CIRCUIT TO RESERVE POWER...
  SHIFTING DIAGNOSTIC CIRCUIT TO MAIN POWER...
  SHIFTING VIEW MODE...
  I.R. FILTER INACTIVE. i FILTER ACTIVE.
  NOW, IT BEGINS.
  INITIATING COMBAT LOG...
  OH, MASTER. 
PRESERVE ME FROM HARM.
  Misaki City was a thickly wooded area.
  Urban development continued unabated, but Mother Nature still drew breath in its outskirts.
  Wise old trees had been turned to lumber.
  The leaves had begun to turn to mulch.
  Even though the birds who curiously tilted their heads had moved on, the verdure lived on, a testament to its enduring strength.
  Until the time came that the devouring light of civilization became powerful enough to encroach upon nature's mysterious domain.
  These woods were no exception.
  The outlying border between Misaki City and Misaki Hills had been left untouched.
  Though driven from their nests and dens here, wildlife continued to subsist even today. No longer able to return to the days before man, this was just like any other forest situated next to a town.
                      
Hey diddle diddle,
                      The cat and the fiddle...
  Winter had arrived in the woods.
  The chill cut like a razor,
  the icy air so thick it could reached one's bones.
  Exposed cheeks stiffened, and wisps of breath formed swirls in the air before disappearing.
  It was one degree above freezing.
  The cold snap penetrated every nook and cranny of the woods, from the ground, to the trees, to the wildlife.
                                
The cow jump'd over the moon,
                                The little dog laugh'd...
  The forest allowed nobody entry during the day.
  During the winter, it willed the animals to slumber.
  The still evening air felt like the stagnant breath of the lingering dead.
  The forest consumed the moonlight, obscuring the sight of even the closest of precipices, and hastening the untimely doom of any soul unfortunate enough to become lost within.
  The only noises to be heard were the whisperings of the wind and the murmurings of the stream.
  The immortal darkness stifled any sense of life.
  Not the breath of an animal, much less that of a person, was drawn in this place.
  However...
  A figure in black, not of this place, skulked within.
  It cast the tiniest, frailest of silhouettes, like a small boat lost in a sea of fog.
  Its trepidatious footsteps echoed through the woods.
  There, exiting the veil of trees, was the unmistakable likeness of a young girl.
                          
To see such craft,
                          And the dish ran away with the spoon.
      "Someone's here, someone's here!"
                            "There they are, there they are!"
    "Who can they be, who can they be?"
                      "Someone and someone!"
  "Are you hungry?"
                              "I'm starving!"
    "Which one should we eat?"
                            "Let's eat them both!"
  "You take the left!"
                      "You take the right!"
    "We must welcome them!"
                                "We must entertain them!"
          ""After all, we don't often have guests!""
              "While we're at it, the stomach and the tibia."
          "It's not often we get to chew the fat!"
"..."
  The shadows in the trees laughed ominously.
  A hallucination? An illusion? Or perhaps... Something real?
  The shadows frolicked in time to the girl's pace.
"Come, come!"
 "Deeper and deeper!"
"Did you remember to rig the dice?"
"Loaded innards, they have."
"Nibbled around the edges, they be!"
"Just remember, don't roll that vital six!"
"..."
  The girl knitted her eyebrows.
  She heard voices and felt the presence of things that should not be.
  Scary enough to frighten this particular girl?
  As if.
  Her tightly pursed lips betrayed not a hint of fear.
  The girl walked of her own volition.
  If she had truly felt fear, her legs would be frozen.
  Deep within the trees...
  She was perfectly aware of the two humanoid figures stalking her through the still, night air.
"I saw them, I saw them!"
"They're coming, they're coming!"
"Give up!"
"There's no going back!"
            "We warned you!"
          "It's your fault for staying!"
  The girl halted her steps.
  The racket from the accompanying voices died in turn.
  The babbling brook suddenly sounded like a crackling fire.
  And then...
  Across the shallow stream, something appeared that should not exist in the city, much less these woods.
"Good evening. I don't suppose I could speak to your master?"
  The girl addressed them calmly.
  These men with their Glasgow grins creeped toward her like two slugs.
"...I see. Simple graveyard wards, sent to be lookouts.
  My mistake. I should have entrusted this to Aoko.
  However..."
  The one grinning man stood still.
  The other, shaking violently as if unable to contain himself any longer, turned toward the girl.
"Aoko still has a lot on her plate.
  Although you far from look the part, you seem to be on the level of a fully-fledged mage."
  Her black outfit stirred.
  In her right hand she held a vitreous cat, darker than the deepest night.
"...?"
  The two Glasgow men let out a yelp of caution and incoherent fear.
  It was at this moment that they finally bared their intent and emotion.
"Farewell, my guests.
  Since this will take but a moment, I offer only a good-bye."
  The two shuddered at her words.
  They had no mouths, nor ears or brains to begin with. For creatures like these, words were redundant.
  All that existed was the present.
  For these soulless creatures, fears and hopes were nothing more than an unimaginable future.
  Then what could be this feeling of foreboding they felt?
  ...The spine-chilling miracle that would rip them to pieces not moments from now.
"Come then, puppets, let us play make-believe."
  Her song sounded like a bell, echoing through the white woods.
  The girl's voice vanquished the frost that had gripped the trees.
  Then...
          "Come on, don't keep us waiting!"
          "Come on, it's time for Little Red Riding Hood!"
  The curtains opened on Diddle Diddle, the Banquet of the Night.
  In confusion, one slit-mouthed man swooped toward the girl.
  In fear, the other fled into the woods behind him.
  The deformed humanoid darted forth, kicking up water as it rushed the girl.
  She already knew what this fiend was.
  The grinning figure had scissors for hands and a demon's heart.
  It was a wretch who kidnapped children, mercilessly rendering them into pieces.
"Tweedle."
"Leave it to us!"
"It's finally our turn!"
  The piglets bounded and rebounded, like paddle balls.
  The stuffed animals, over three feet in length, jumped and weaved their way between the trees.
  Even with these strange creatures before him, the grinning man did not so much as blink.
  He raised his arms, but what emerged from his coat sleeves were not the human appendages you would expect.
  In their place, fiendish cleavers, more than a foot and a half in length.
  These appendages, which had torn so much of their prey to pieces, sliced cleanly through the flying pigs' skulls.
"-?!"
  His limbs froze in place.
  The pigs' bodies were sliced perfectly in half.
  And then...
  Bisected from head to tail, the pigs' innards became as alligator jaws and clamped down upon the grinning man's arms.
  From fingertips to shoulders, they were swallowed whole.
  It was all it took to rob the man of control over his entire body.
"-, -!"
  Another shiver of fear.
  These were no mere pig familiars.
  Immediately he realized that these were stapler monsters disguised as mere pigs.
"I got him!"
"No, I got him!"
"Oh, but too bad Master has no words, no emotion, no interest!"
"In the end, it doesn't really matter who did it!"
                              
London Bridge is broken down,
                              Broken down, broken down...
"-, Ghh!"
  "Impossible!" its presence murmured three times.
  Not possible.
 Not possible.
 Not... possible?
  Talking pigs were one thing.
  Even having one's arms chomped off was in the realm of occupational hazard.
  In an instant, the wood was enveloped in a dense wave of magical energy.
Though vexing, it was still impressive.
  None of these facts were particularly extraordinary.
  These rare familiars, their bizarre attack, the sheer innate magical energy to overwhelm others...
  He had experience with all these things.
  His employer was skilled enough to achieve all of this as well.
  However...
"What now? What now? How long should we hold him like this?"
"Even a blink of an eye is too long! Let's take an arm. "
"I'll give you a good price if you'll pay me in pounds!"
  What... were they?
  Not vessels.
  Not living creatures.
  Not beings powered by Magic Circuits.
  Even though only his arms had been bitten, none of his body would move.
  It was nothing like being bound or weakened.
  This felt more like he had become words written in a book, fated to keep to their page.
  As the grinning figure's deformities indicated, he had overcome numerous curiosities and monstrosities.
  Illusions, enthrallment, compulsions...
  Freezings, putrefactions, and even petrifications-a power granted to only the pinnacle of Mystic Eyes...
  From poisons to magecraft, he had weathered a great deal.
  But this was something different altogether.
  The penalty that bound him now
  was based on different principles from blood, flesh, oxygen, or heat.
  It was an unknown restraint that followed no rules he knew.
  Indeed, though it was terrifying to admit...
  It was as if he'd encountered something alien to everything in this world.
                                
London Bridge is broken down,
                                Broken down, broken down.
                                London Bridge is broken down,
                                My fair lady.
"Gh―"
  Fangs sank into his left and right shoulders.
  For the first time in this form, he felt rage seethe up inside him.
  ...The basis of all things had to be absolute.
  All Mystics, all things bizarre obeyed some set of laws.
  But these pigs ignored this, along with his dignity.
"After three days you weaken!"
      "After six, you drown!"
"After half a year, you'll be a wretched skeleton!"
""Sorry to be rude, but we'll just kill you now!""
"SSSSHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"
  A howl.
  Though he had no voice, he let out an exasperated scream.
"Huh?"
"Huh?!"
"What a convenient function, to be able to detach your arms!"
"What an unparalleled warrior!"
  The talkative pigs fell into the stream.
  That exasperated scream was the sound of the figure tearing his arms from their sockets.
  Armless, he rushed the girl.
"...Useless swine. I'll see you be punished later."
  He may have lost his mangled arms, but not the object of his malice.
  A Mystic Eye to pierce the heart of its victim.
  A Magic Circuit designed to stop a beating heart.
  It was beautiful in its simplicity. At point-blank range, it was the equivalent of an unavoidable shotgun blast.
"...?"
  But...
  Tragically, that eye was all he had.
                          
Build it up with wood and clay,
                          Wood and clay, Wood and clay,
                          Build it up with wood and clay,
                          My fair lady.
  He failed to realize that her song had changed.
  For the giant, the earth-shattering strike was akin to the act of shooing away an insect.
  Its green, verdant veins pulsed.
  Oaken bark covered its body, hardened sufficiently over centuries to repel even a chainsaw.
  On its forehead, inscribed in all manner of colors, was the word "emeth," though judging from its misspelling, the inscription was purely decorative.
  The Thames Troll.
  It also went by the moniker Falling Down.
  Or alternatively, the Great Bridge.
  Admired in different forms, it was the first of four miracles.
"Thames, please take care of the other one."
  The giant responded to the girl's words.
  With roots rent deep into the earth, it raised its left arm to the heavens without moving a step.
"-, -"
  Elsewhere in the forest...
  The grinning figure who had chosen to flee the battle was running through the night forest at full speed.
  Record and provide a detailed description of the enemy.
  Those were the orders assigned to him.
  He poured all of his energy into escaping this forest with which he had become so familiar.
  In case of emergency, the plan was for one to challenge the enemy while the other made a tactical retreat in order to report to their master.
  He dashed through the forest.
  Though gripped by fear, he was confident in his ability to perform the mission he was designed for.
  Nothing could catch him in these woods.
  Even the wolves could not track him.
  His bird-like legs thumped as they kicked the ground.
  Perhaps it was his creator's eccentric tastes that dictated their form when optimizing them for running.
  The grinning man could reach a maximum speed of 45 miles per hour,
  well past the limit of any bipedal creature.
  After securing a distance of several miles, he turned around to confirm his safety.
  ...There was no sign of pursuit.
  His crescent-shaped mouth―nay, eye―slackened in relief.
  And then...
"-?"
  After facing forward once more, he looked up to lock eyes with his doom.
                                
London Bridge is broken down,
                                Broken down, broken down...
  In the distance, he could hear the dark rhymes of Mother Goose.
  Countless vines extended from the ground.
  They formed into a monstrosity that conjured up images of an arched bridge, something resembling a giant arm.
                                
London Bridge is broken down,
                                My fair lady.
  FINAL REPORT.
  SURVIVAL: UNABLE TO COMPLETE.
  ANALYSIS: UNABLE TO COMPLETE.
  TRANSMISSION: UNABLE TO COMPLETE.
  ENDING SESSION...
  AAAH. OH, MASTER. PRESERVE ME FROM-
"...I think we're about done here. Well done, Thames. You can return now.
  Hopefully, our next encounter will be more worth our time."
  The girl turned on her heel.
  The invaders who had set up shop in the woods were eliminated.
  She had no interest in whether they had been good or evil, nor how many victims they had claimed.
  The shackles of civic society held no sway over her.
  This was the way of a pure-blooded witch, the way of a Meinster.
"Hey, what about us!? What about us!?"
"Help me get this arm outta my teeth!"
"We really shouldn't move while we're eating."
"Don't tell us you don't need pigs that can't fly!"
"W-We'll do a better job next time, though we're nothing but screw-ups!"
"Yeah, you owe us at least one compliment before the end!"
"..."
  The girl let out a sigh and stepped into the stream. She removed her gloves and dipped her slender fingers into the ice water.
"I told you not to roll sixes.
But I suppose it is the only number you can roll."
  There was no response to her melancholy tone.
  In place of the once-boisterous pigs were two black dice, now sitting in the palm of her hand.
  As the girl was about to say something to the scattered remains around her, she realized something that made her put a hand to her mouth.
"...The farewell is over.
  Should I have asked them if they had any last words?"
  Her slender, pale fingers traced her lips, as if reluctant to part from them.
  Sighing again, she calmly left the dark woods the same way she had entered.
  Let us rewind to a moment in the recent past.
  The scene took place on a Saturday morning in early December.
  With third period over just before lunch, the only activity that remained before the scholastic day ended was homeroom.
  Two of Class C's students, Soujyuro Sizuki and Housuke Kinomi, were standing outside on the balcony overlooking the schoolyard. They were stuck waiting for their homeroom teacher, Mr. Kazuki Yamasiro, and could not leave until he arrived.
  The rest of their classmates were chatting idly in the classroom.
  Class A's Tobimaru Tsukiji was killing time alongside them.
  The listless trio discussed their weekend plans as they leaned on the veranda's railing.
"You working at the Bear this weekend, Kinomi?"
"Like hell I am. Who the hell works 'til Sunday?
  I'm going out tomorrow with some chicks from Class B... 'least that was the plan. They said they're grounded or something..."
"So, in other words, you failed again."
"Jeez, kick a man when he's down much, Sizuki?!"
"Please, even the most airheaded chicks know better than to accept an invite from your dumb ass. Crash and burn all you like, but don't drag Sono-G into the fallout, will you?"
"Well excuse me, Your Majesty. You're one to talk!
  Word to the wise, Sizuki. Tsukiji's heart is as black as they come.
  In his mind he's like... you know those labels you use to separate the trash? This dude uses them to label people―you're either useful to him or you ain't."
"Yeah, I figured that out.
  ...Speaking of which, I know this is a bit out of the blue, but what do you think about Kinomi, Tobimaru?"
"Hmm... Well you know how the country's going to stop collecting oversized scrap for free soon, since it costs too much to dispose of? That's because of people like him."
"What kinda nonsense is that? Who throws out big stuff like cabinets when you can make good money off of them?!
  The future is grab-and-go, you know. Just look how rad those disposable cameras you can buy at convenience stores are. Looks like the times have finally caught up with my idea of consumer culture―"
"So, Kinomi's working this weekend.
What about you, Tobimaru?"
"My time is coming, just watch!"
"There's some business to attend to on my end. I'll be entertaining a guest of my father's. Giving a tour of the city, stuff like that."
"Friggin' rude! Don't interrupt a guy when he's talking.
  I was gonna say, I'm gonna be watching my kid sister. I ain't helping out at that crappy Chinese restaurant."
"What about you, Sono-G? You working tomorrow?"
"No, no plans. But I am going to work at the amusement park after school today."
"What, Magic Kitsy Land? Seriously?
  You're tougher than you look, Sizuki. I heard even the judo guys who worked there bailed."
"It couldn't possibly be worse than carrying boxes for ExFed, right?"
"Well... okay, not that bad.
  Damn, that a-hole Yamasiro is taking his sweet time. Look, Class B is already leaving!"
"Looks like it. You know, I didn't wanna pull this card, but we'll just have to call him. We can't let Sono-G be late for work."
  And as if by design, the moment Tobimaru Tsukiji stood up wearily from the balcony railing...
  ...the school's PA system chime rang.
"Soujyuro Sizuki, Class 2-C, please report immediately to Mr. Yamasiro in the faculty room. I repeat, Soujyuro Sizuki, Class 2-C..."
  An awkward silence fell upon the three.
  After a long five seconds, Soujyuro said goodbye and headed back inside.
"Ugh, nothing interesting ever happens here. Can't someone make a crop circle in the schoolyard or something?"
  Kinomi grumbled, slouching his shoulders and succumbing to his lethargy.
"Stop expecting others to make life interesting. If you're bored, then make something happen yourself. Challenge Aozaki to an inter-class debate or something."
"Suffering ain't interesting! Scrapping with the prez is asking for it. I said 'interesting' not 'terrifying.'
As a decent, upstanding, red-blooded male, I'd happily settle for a hot transfer student showing up.
  As long as she isn't boring, anyway. Maybe if she were a Hollywood producer, or some famous English singer, or-"
"Laaame. If you're going that far, at least make her a babe from Mars."
"Attention, Class 2-C. This is an announcement from Mr. Yamasiro:
Mr. Yamasiro is currently occupied and unable to attend homeroom. Please make your way home.
  This concludes all announcements for the day."
"...The hell? Ever since Yamasiro bought that new car, he's been a real punk! Maybe I'll see what sound this dime makes against the door of a new Serbia!"
"Hold it, hotshot. Just put gum in the keyhole. Teachers get paid peanuts, man."
  The two frenemies returned to the classroom, complaining all the while,
  their concern for their mutual friend summoned to the faculty office completely out of mind.
"I don't agree. The school allows for students to hold part-time jobs.
  According to school regulations, a job at a workplace authorized by the school is recommended as a social experience."
"That's true, but in his case it's a matter of going too far.
What if, let's suppose, he were working somewhere without permission, somewhere that might be violating the Labor Standards Law? That would spell trouble for both the school and for him."
  The volatile tension between the ruthless student council president and the easygoing modern language teacher permeated the room.
  Praying to be spared from the impending confrontation, the other teachers hurriedly relocated to the meeting room.
  By the time Mr. Yamasiro noticed this, the only other person in the room was the student council president, Aoko Aozaki.
"...They all ran, huh. Why does everyone always push the scary jobs on me? They're so mean."
"Don't change the subject, sir.
  If we do suppose that he is working at an unauthorized workplace, doesn't that mean that the school isn't accommodating his needs?"
"I'm not saying that the school needs to cover his room and board, but as long as he's not working too much, his request deserves due consideration.
  And if you are still concerned about unauthorized workplaces, please first revise the rule that limits each student to only one."
  After hearing her out and realizing there was no way she would back down, Mr. Yamasiro hung his head.
  This was supposed to be easy.
  The plan was to call in the student rumored to be working multiple jobs, confirm whether the rumor was true, and if so, give him a warning and some guidance, then head to lunch with the knowledge that all was right with the world.
  The student council president, who was coincidentally in the faculty room at the time, had heard the entire issue and decided to call out this injustice.
  As far as Mr. Yamasiro was concerned, she was in the right, and he was well aware of the aforementioned student's situation.
  Personally, he would have liked to help, but among the faculty he was just the new kid on the block.
  He wanted to stay on the vice principal's good side, and at the very least not lose his job, as badly paid as it was.
"...Look. This was a warning straight from the vice principal. I can't do anything more to help."
"What if we compromised?"
"What do you mean?"
  The student council president removed a document from her bag.
  It was a document that had been brought up in the morning's faculty meeting, bringing a host of headaches with it.
"Ms. Aozaki, that's not the..."
"Yes. This is the Aida Church's volunteer registration form.
  There were zero applicants again this month, a fact that would certainly bother a devout Christian like the vice principal.
  Even this morning he was lamenting our students' lack of faith."
"...I can't deny that, but what I'd really like to know is how you became so well-informed of the content of this morning's faculty meeting."
  Mr. Yamasiro scratched his head, but his eyes were smiling gleefully.
  He had figured out the student council president's objective.
"So, I'll scratch your back, and you'll scratch mine. Is that it?
  Work conducted on the church's behalf is done on a voluntary basis, but still compensated in some form. And it's officially recognized by the school as a form of social study.
  The vice principal will be overjoyed to have a participant, and-"
"And in the event that said volunteer is already employed somewhere else, the school's permission will be extended to both.
  Considering the precedent, I find this to be a good compromise."
  Mr. Yamasiro raised his hands in surrender.
  There were few students able to both raise a complaint and propose a proper solution.
  Perhaps it was her big-sisterly disposition that made this girl so simultaneously feared yet trusted.
"All right, let's try it your way. Just... say a prayer for me, okay?"
"I don't like it when people are overly reliant on others. If you're going to participate in this scheme, please take your part seriously, Mr. Yamasiro."
  With a bow, the student council president turned to leave the faculty room.
"Ah, wait a second. You're not going anywhere.
I'm going to go ahead and call in Sizuki now, so I'll need you to stay and look after him properly."
"...What?"
  The girl's cool eyes narrowed.
  Unable to process what she had just heard, her expression turned to a scowl.
"If we're looking for volunteers, two is better than one, right?
  Plus, knowing that you are following up on this would give me great peace of mind."
"But, sir, I don't―"
"Hello, broadcasting room? Please put out an announcement asking for Class 2-C student Soujyuro Sizuki to report to Mr. Yamasiro in the staff room immediately."
"No, like I was about to say―"
"Oh, this is perfect! And to think that the source of my headache would go away, too. Today's my lucky day!
  Ms. Aozaki, what would I do without your kindness? Wait a second... He's not your type, is he? ...Oh, broadcasting room? Please add the following: 'The student council president is eagerly awaiting-'"
"Mr. Yamasirooo!"
  The next day, a pleasant Sunday.
  Soujyuro was awake two hours before the time he was supposed to meet her.
  After getting up, he decided to go for a leisurely jog to clear his mind, but, lost among his own thoughts, his thirty-minute jog turned into almost an hour. Upon realizing, he rushed home.
  After thoroughly racking his brain over what to wear for the occasion, he decided upon wearing his school uniform.
"Ten o'clock, Misaki Central Park, east entrance. I'll meet you there."
  Yesterday in the faculty room...
  When Aoko Aozaki had shared the time and place with him that day, she said it with such pain on her face. Maybe she was fighting a headache at the time.
"I wonder if Aozaki is feeling better."
  Soujyuro muttered, his words of concern misguided as they were.
  In any case, he waited for about five minutes.
  At precisely ten o'clock, the student council president appeared.
"Good morning.
  Punctual as usual, I see."
"..."
"What's wrong with your face? Are you sick?"
"No, I think I feel fine."
  He waved off her concern.
"You're wearing your school uniform."
"Of course I'm wearing my uniform. This is a school activity, isn't it?"
"..."
  A heavy weight of despondency fell upon Soujyuro's shoulders.
  The angsting over his outfit for the previous two hours had been rendered meaningless just like that.
  The duo, clad in their school uniforms on a day off, walked by the train station.
  In the beginning, Aoko had made efforts to give Soujyuro a thorough lay of the land, but today she only shared the bare minimum of explanations.
  This was partly because, surprisingly, Soujyuro had become well-accustomed to the town.
  Which restaurants were good... Which shortcuts to use in a rush...
  And why the nearby bicycle shop was better than the department store by the station if you wanted to buy a bicycle... things a local would know.
  But the other reason was that it had dawned on Aoko how the two of them conversing might look to passersby.
"On a different topic, do you mind telling me what kind of work we'll be doing today?"
  From here on, volunteering at the church meant that the school would tolerate his multiple jobs.
  Soujyuro had quickly agreed to the tempting offer, nodding like a bobblehead. But, as was typical for him, he had failed to consider the content of the proposal.
"...Somehow, I just knew you had no idea what we're going to be doing today.
  Is this your first time going to Aida Church?"
"This is my second time. The last time was because I was outside admiring the strange architecture, and then a person inside gave me some free candy."
  He pondered with all sincerity how exactly a church worked.
  His contemplative posture made him appear the part of the philosopher, but after all his thinking, he concluded,
"I guess they start taking your money on your second visit?"
  ...Such was the extent of Soujyuro's concerns.
"...Normally, the church only gives candy out to children, you know."
  Aoko sighed at the lost little lamb.
"So who did you end up meeting? The priest? One of the sisters?"
"A very beautiful woman, as it happens."
"Oh, Sister Yuika, then. If we see her today, you'll need to thank her... or, then again, no need. You're doing just fine in that department anyway."
"Hm?"
"As far as work goes, it's not much different from what you've been doing at school, so it should be straightforward.
And considering the church's size, there's actually not a lot of people."
  Aoko picked up her pace as they headed for the church.
  Somehow, she seemed like a general invading enemy territory. It made Soujyuro furrow his brows in discomfort.
  Aida Church had a long history.
  Far from the station, it was a white-painted sanctuary nestled between the business and residential districts.
  As far as Aoko could remember, the church as she knew it now was the result of remodeling done eight years prior. It was practically a cathedral for a town of this size.
  Incidentally, located next to it was the Misaki City General Hospital.
  From Aoko's perspective, it seemed awfully suspicious for the church to take up residence next to the location in the city where the most lives were lost, though the only two who were aware of this opinion were her roommate, Alice Kuonji, and the priest.
"Are you a regular at this place?"
"Me? Not in the slightest. My father and grandfather had a long history with it, but if I could, I'd go back in time and cut all of our ties to this place.
  I had to come here every day in elementary school to help out, and boy, did that ever rub me the wrong way."
  The more Aoko spoke, the more twisted her expression became.
  Recalling this made her want to grab it by the proverbial collar, give it the proverbial one-arm judo back throw, smash its proverbial head into the proverbial ground, and kick the proverbial living daylights out of its defenseless proverbial torso.
  Such was her so-called trauma that if it were anthropomorphized, it would take more than a five-round beating to satisfy her thirst for vengeance.
"..."
  It was in this moment, as he became aware of Aoko's mood, that Soujyuro began to fear for his safety.
  Perhaps attracted by the noisy murder of crows outside the church,
 a woman in a nun's habit emerged from the front entrance.
"Excuse me, do you have business with the church today?
  I'm afraid this church does not associate with criminals, so if you would be so kind as to consider coming another day, or perhaps return once you have repented of your sinful ways and paid for your crimes to society, you can―"
"It's Aoko Aozaki, Sister Yuika."
"Well, if it isn't Aoko.
  What a lovely surprise. It's been such a long time since you've visited."
"I suppose it has. I'm only ever called at night to speak with the father.
  I suppose it's been, what, close to a year since we had a face-to-face conversation.
And who knows how long it'll be until the next time."
"Yes. I'm almost sad to see you grow up so fast. Your presence has become so menacing, you hardly resemble the virtuous girl I remember so well."
  On the surface, the two exchanged congenial greetings.
  Unable to read between the lines, all Soujyuro could see were two good friends.
"He and I are this month's volunteers.
  For the beloved Aida Church, it would be our pleasure to be working from exactly ten to three, and not a minute more."
"Well, as you know we are reaching the end times, but your spirit of service is welcome.
  The house of the Lord is open to all who might enter, even those with wickedness in their hearts."
  The nun flashed a smile that was equal parts elegant and cruel.
  Keeping up appearances aside, she seemed overjoyed to have able hands to put to work.
  The sister introduced herself as Yuika Suse and thanked Soujyuro, who had volunteered of his own volition.
  Soujyuro noticed that her eyes were always shut, but not wanting to be rude, especially in front of Aoko, he decided not to pry.
"So you're Mr. Sizuki.
  Your name is as calm as your countenance."
"It is? Well, thanks."
  The sister let slip a frown at Soujyuro's ambivalent response to her compliment.
"I apologize. I did not mean to cause discomfort by using your surname.
  May I call you Soujyuro instead?"
"Oh, um, whichever. Either one is fine."
"Well then, as you wish. ...I had not appreciated how difficult a subject it would be."
  Though the sister's tone was gentle, her words seemed somewhat indifferent.
  She lacked sight, but she guided the two with certainty in her step.
"Well then, as for what you will be doing..."
"I already know. Christmas is coming up, so you want to get all of the tedious cleaning out of the way, right?
  That won't be a problem. Cleaning is our strong suit."
  It wasn't "their" strong suit, as much as it was Soujyuro's.
"...Then Aoko, you will be at the stove preparing the communion wafers.
  Mr. Sizuki, you will be outside.
I will need your help cleaning the areas I can't reach."
"One question. Ritsuka isn't in the kitchen, is she? You can't make me go in there if she is."
"Don't worry―Ritsuka is not here right now. There's no need to hold back on her account."
  With a dismissive wave, Aoko headed toward the door in the back of the worship hall.
  As she had indicated, she was quite accustomed to this church.
"This way please, Mr. Sizuki.
  We will start with the storeroom. I'd like to ask you to carry the cleaning supplies."
  The work entrusted to Soujyuro did not require any particular skill. It was window cleaning at its most standard.
"Should I clean all of the windows?"
"Yes. Start with a wet rag, then wipe with a dry rag, then use the cleaning spray. Is the ladder tall enough?"
"Oh. It looks like it might be a little short."
"Then just clean what you can reach. Thank you very much."
  After the brief exchange, the sister returned to the church.
  Soujyuro began to wonder if it was out of distrust in him that she was being so curt.
  He understood that it was too soon to glean an answer from their first meeting, but then again such answers always eluded Soujyuro.
  Left alone but no less encouraged, Soujyuro began cleaning the windows.
  The day's weather was a disappointment once again.
  It had not gone so far as to rain, but was too overcast to enjoy the sun.
  He leaned against the tall ladder and, beginning with a window about five yards from the ground, quietly cleaned.
  Soujyuro was never the kind of person to mind physical labor. In fact, if there had been a blue sky, this might have been a perfect day off to him.
  By the time he finished his third or fourth window, he felt very relaxed and began to whistle.
  Though 15 feet was an intimidating height, it provided a wonderful view at the same time.
  Turning toward the town gave Soujyuro a clear view of the tree-topped hill that had previously caught his eye.
"So there really is a house in the woods."
  The hill and the woods just outside of town.
  From here, the forest overlooking the sleepless city looked like a foreign castle.
"Well, well. Do we have a burglar?"
"...?"
  Just then...
  Lost in his thoughts while wiping windows, Soujyuro was pulled out of his trance by someone pacing below him.
  He looked down and saw a girl, her unkempt clothes otherwise contrasting with her kind visage. 
"Hmm. But you look a little too loosey-goosey to be a thief. Wait, I know. Maybe you're the type that jumps out of people's fireplaces and gives them toys they don't need, like that one saint.
  Oh, but I just can't stand his beard. You know all that guy is doing is breaking and entering, right?"
  She looked to be in her late twenties.
  Despite the cold, she was not wearing a coat. She had no purse either, which was rather strange as a woman and her purse were never far apart. Not that Soujyuro knew this truth quite yet.
  Based on the fact that none of this seemed to apply to her, one could have easily surmised that she was herself a little "loosey-goosey."
 A few cards short of a full deck, one might also say.
"Oh, I got it!
  Are you that part-timer from Misaki High? Wow, high schoolers these days really are something. You put the pros to shame!"
  The girl looked up in admiration to Soujyuro, as he stood atop his ladder.
"Cool, let me help!
  Is there another ladder? And rags? Ah, since we're doing this anyway, why don't we just use the hose? You know, spray water all over the place, yelling and having a good time. We might get in trouble, but a little fun never hurt anybody, right?"
  The girl let out a hearty laugh.
  Her smile glowed like a cactus that had sprouted legs and begun to run about.
...Inasmuch as a running cactus could only cause trouble.
  As Soujyuro anticipated, the girl began to clean without waiting for his approval.
"So I was walking by the church, and I saw a figure stuck to the window. 'A daylight burglary seems pretty bold,' I thought, but my curiosity got the best of me.
  Imagine my surprise when I saw such a cute boy working as diligently as a window wiping expert. You can't blame a girl for wanting to help out after seeing that, can you?"
  Wiping the window next to Soujyuro, the girl continued to chatter cheerfully.
  Although this was all kinds of suspicious, Soujyuro politely followed her lead, nodding and agreeing as she spoke.
  Perhaps it was an instinctive camaraderie.
  He sensed this girl was just like him, always getting the short end of the stick when it came to menial work.
"So are you from the church?"
"Me? No, I was just passing by.
  More importantly, why are you acting like we've never met before? Don't you remember all those times we met in the shopping mall?"
"No... When did that happen?"
"All the time, silly! You work at that restaurant, Uotatsu, right? I was there several times just this week!
  I'm... um... Oh, right.
I'm Hanazawa. What's your name?"
  Hanazawa took a quick glance at the flower bed below in the middle of her introduction, then gave him a friendly laugh.
  Soujyuro's self-introduction, however, was his usual brand of awkward.
"Soujyuro, huh? ...Your name's cute, in an old-fashioned kind of way.
  The 'jyu' in your name means 'ten,' right? Names with numbers in them are so Japanese, don't you think? ...Do you know the priest and sisters here? Eiri and Yuika... Their names sound so foreign."
"I don't know Eiri, but Yuika was the woman with the pretty dark hair, right?"
"Oh, so you haven't met the priest yet.
  Aida Church is famous for its handsome priest and beautiful sisters, you know. ...Oh, that's right! You just moved here! You're living on your own, right?"
"Yes...
You're really sharp, Ms. Hanazawa. You seem to be pretty good at guessing things about me."
"It's called deductive reasoning, silly.
  This town doesn't have much to do for fun, certainly not enough that a kid like you would need to work this much. Normally, you'd just need one job to cover spending money. You don't seem like the materialistic type, either
  Which leaves living expenses as the only wholesome reason for working this hard, right?
Hmm. Then again, it isn't very 'wholesome' for a student to be paying for his own room, board, and tuition."
"Not necessarily.
  Don't they say he who does not work, doesn't eat?"
"Wow, Soujyuro. You're pretty mature for your age.
  When I was a student, I was completely absorbed in work, too, so I understand how difficult things must be for you."
"Oh. You lived by yourself as well, Ms. Hanazawa?"
"Yeah. I studied abroad over my parents' objections. I went to the same school as a friend, and we roomed together to save money. But food wasn't free, as you know.
  That said, I'm the kind of person who doesn't mind a bit of elbow grease. Looking back on it now, my time at school and work was a great memory."
"..."
  Soujyuro nodded agreeably.
  Dignified or not, he could barely hold back the sense of solidarity that was welling up within him.
"Hehehe. Well, since this might be fate, and I'll probably be seeing more of you at Uotatsu from here on out, come see me if you need someone to talk to. I can't promise that I'll be much help, but I'll do my best impression of a sounding board."
"Thank you, I appreciate it.
  Maybe you can help me out right now.
What do they actually do here?
"
  As Soujyuro said "here," he pointed at the church.
"Uhh...what do you mean?"
  Even Hanazawa was taken aback by his question.
  Unaware of Soujyuro's provincial background―combined with her quick-witted nature―Hanazawa seemingly mistook his question for some kind of sophisticated wit.
"Hmm. Good question.
  I guess people treat it as a spiritual sanctuary... Is that the right word for it? No, maybe not sanctuary, more like a shield, or... a place that plugs leaks in your mind? It's basically a way for people to avoid getting better.
  Oh, and they give out free bread and wine."
"For free?"
"Sure! I mean, I've heard rich people just donate a bunch of money anyway.
  Oh yeah, one more thing, and this is the most important wrinkle--their income isn't taxed. Saving souls is tough work, but it's zero-risk high-reward if you've got a solid business plan."
"Is that so... I don't really follow, but are you saying that that it's a good place to come when you're in trouble?"
"Umm... I wouldn't recommend that.
  I think it would be better to visit once a month or so, just for a little peace of mind."
  The rags squeaked as the two carefree souls continued to wipe down the windows.
  Whistling as they went, they shined up one window. Then another. Then another.
"Oh yeah, one more question.
  What are those woods way over there?"
"Woods? On the mountain, you mean?"
"Well, yeah, but that's really more of a hill than a mountain."
  As someone raised in the countryside, Soujyuro's pride would not allow for a mound of dirt to be called a mountain.
"You think so? Any incline that takes energy to climb is a mountain in my book. But if you say so..."
  It was as if a shadow fell over her till-now sunny disposition.
  She was undoubtedly a beautiful woman with very lovely features.
  But as Soujyuro looked at her in that moment, her smile melted away, and he saw how disturbed she was at his comment.
  And when it comes down to it...
"It's definitely a hill. Oh, and what about that thing that looks like a chimney?"
  Soujyuro was not one to closely watch people's reactions and fuss over his speech.
"It looks like a chimney because it is a chimney.
  That forest is all private property, and a huge mansion sits right in the middle of it. None of the locals really know anything about it because they're not allowed in there.
  People call it the Kuonji Haunted Mansion. The locals are all spooked by it, so it's probably best that you keep your distance. For a tiny wooded area, there have been all kinds of freaky stories about the place―weird accidents, wild dog sightings, you name it."
"Wild dogs? You get wild dogs here in the city, too?"
"Lots of them! There are even some in the empty lot behind the church. The priest here is a bit eccentric, and one time he gave them some bread, and the pups made the area part of their patrol route."
"...?"
"Anyway, don't go up there. You know what they say about idiots and high places. It's something of an unspoken rule around here to stay out.
  For one thing, it's private property! If you trespass, someone's going to call the cops, and then you're going to spend the rest of the day getting grilled at the station. That doesn't sound like much fun, does it?"
  Soujyuro nodded along to her story as he stared at the far-off chimney from his vantage point on the ladder.
  A teeny tiny part of him was curious about that hill, because it reminded him of the woods where he grew up, but after reminding himself that it was none of his business, he returned to window washing.
  Thanks to Hanazawa lending a hand, they were able to finish the job without a hitch.
  Between the two of them, they had accomplished a simple but very time-consuming task.
"Nice work.
  I hardly recognize these windows, considering how filthy they were before!
  Why don't we head to a café somewhere and get something to drink? I'll treat you as a reward for all your
―"
"Ms. Hanazawa? You were in the middle of saying som―"
"Oh, sorry, I just remembered some urgent business I need to attend to.
  Catch you later! Ciao!"
  By the time Soujyuro, who had started putting away the ladder, turned around, he was only able to catch a glimpse of the girl's figure dashing toward the street at lightning speed.
  It was just before three o'clock.
  More than three hours had passed since Hanazawa offered to help.
"Hmm..."
  Soujyuro watched the girl with many strange faces disappear.
  For someone who seemed to have been on an aimless walk, Hanazawa had spent a good deal of time with him.
  Maybe helping Soujyuro out reminded her of something she needed to do.
"Sizuki, are you out there?"
  The student council president popped her head out from the corner of the church.
"Ah, don't mind me. You do your thing..."
  The sight of Soujyuro putting away a ladder taller than himself seemed to have provoked an emotional response in Aoko.
  Then, in an instant, she rolled up her sleeves and began to approach him.
"Hm?"
  This surprised him more than Aoko's sudden appearance.
  Ignoring Soujyuro's bewilderment, Aoko promptly began issuing orders.
"Put the ladder on its side.
  I'll hold the bottom, so you take the top."
  She did all of this so matter-of-factly, that Soujyuro began lowering the ladder before he even had a chance to insist that he could do it by himself.
  With work finished and the sister's thank you gifts in hand, the two put the church behind them.
  Since Aoko apparently had something to do around the station, they decided they would walk together until they got there.
"You're a really hard worker."
  Beneath the orange-tinged sky.
  Aoko spoke more as though she was expressing her thoughts out loud than striking up a conversation.
"Really? Coming from you, Aozaki, that's really nice to hear."
  Soujyuro gave her an earnest smile.
  But then again, he had been beaming ever since he received his pay, so the source of his joy was not so clear.
"Not so fast. You've still got a ways to go, buster, so don't get too carried away. You're only just breaking even, if that."
"You're not going to get on my back about school, are you? That'll really spoil my mood."
  Soujyuro hung his head dejectedly.
  Even if his job had been going well, school was still a bust. Exams were one thing, but even classwork was something he had found himself falling behind in.
"Why do you hate people with bad grades, Aozaki?"
"Well, dealing with lame-brains is certainly tiring, but that's beside the point in your case. And don't let this get to your head. We're not friends, okay?
  It's the teachers' job to figure out how to help students overcome handicaps, and it's your job to follow through on that help. Having a job is fine with me, but make sure you study properly when you get home."
"You can count on me. Everyone at the school is good people."
"Fine, if you say so-wait. Did you just say 'everyone is good people'?"
  Aoko cocked her head to one side, unsure how this exchange had resulted in that response.
  She decided to interpret it as Soujyuro simply expressing his gratitude in his own peculiar way.
"...Oh, one more thing.
I need to know what other kinds of jobs you're working, you know, in case it comes up."
"If you're asking where, I work at a lot of places in the shopping district. The fish shop, the flower shop, and so on. Oh, but yesterday I went over to the next town. I worked a shift at the amusement park."
  Since the only school-authorized locations were in the Misaki shopping district, his response was much as she expected.
  That is, except for the decidedly unexpected last part.
"When you say amusement park... you don't mean the one in Yashirogi, do you?!"
"That's the one. I disassembled and moved unused signs and curios and stuff. It was exhausting."
"That so... Yeah, I can imagine it took a lot out of you."
  This left Aoko rather impressed.
  Transporting unused amusement park machinery was not a job that students did willingly in their free time.
"I'm a bit jealous. I've never even been to Kitsy Land, even though it's so close to here."
  Aoko looked up in the direction of the neighboring town.
  From here you could just barely make out the Ferris wheel.
  The round, steel frame of the wheel, illuminated by the sunset as it was, was reminiscent of an old gravestone.
"...That's a shame. Is it because you're short on cash?"
"Pft―"
  Aoko had to stifle her laughter.
  She knew it would be rude to Soujyuro to burst out laughing, but the remark tickled her funny bone.
"No, it's not like that.
  It's simple, really. Even back when it first opened, it was always packed with people, and I just never had the time to go. If it were a problem that could be solved with money, I would go right now."
  Aoko showed Soujyuro the envelope that contained the pay from the church.
  There was nothing sinister about her remark and gesture, but the fact that she did not jump at the chance to go made Soujyuro sad.
"Then why don't we go sometime?"
"Thanks, but no can do.
You probably didn't catch on because you are who you are, but the place went out of business.
I think it's been about two years since the park closed down."
"What...?"
  It was no wonder there were no customers all the time he was there.
  Exasperated as she was at Soujyuro, the student council president seemed to be enjoying herself.
  At this point, she would be yelling things at Soujyuro like, "I can't believe you didn't know that!" But this evening―this one and only evening―she found it charming.
  They parted ways, and Soujyuro returned home to his apartment, immersed himself in his studies, and before he knew it was time to go to work.
  The major cultural difference―though certainly not the only point of difference―between city and country was the use of time.
  It did not matter what part of the city he was in, time flowed far too quickly here.
  Failing to squeeze even a drop of knowledge from his textbooks, he put them away for the day before heading into town.
  The night grew deeper as today turned into tomorrow.
  Soujyuro reversed his collar to protect his neck from the bitter cold and began to make his way back home.
  Not a soul to be seen. No dogs scrounging for food, no late-night shoppers.
  Why would there be; the solitary convenience store in the area closed at eleven o'clock.
"...Hah."
  He mustered what little energy he had to take in an especially deep breath.
  Man-made landmarks lined the deserted street.
  Garish blue fluorescent light, brighter than the stars above, illuminated the darkness.
  An unconscious sense of anxiety stirred within him.
"...Get yourself together. It's normal for the night to be scary."
  A chill crept up his spine as he attempted to mask his weakness with words.
"Stay out of the dark."
"Stay away from deserted places."
  Whether it was for some deeper reason, or perhaps the fact that he looked so helpless...
Everybody he had met in his life seemed to warn him with those words.
"Did knowing that ever help anyone?"
  What did that even mean, "Stay out of the dark"?
  Nowhere in the city was without light.
  Everywhere, from the bustling train station to the remote residential areas, was illuminated by artificial light, not least the main roads.
  Scary was scary, but this kind of fear was of a different sort than what he'd felt in the mountains.
  The most likely source of his fear was the fact that this place was governed by starkly different rules.
  The way in which the city meted out justice was terribly imbalanced.
  And to the provincial Soujyuro, his lack of familiarity with the laws of the land terrified him far more than the dark.
  In the mountains, retribution came swiftly to those who broke the rules.
  Take a game trail, for example.
Those who unwittingly trespassed on the animal kingdom's domain would, as a matter of course, be savaged by the native wildlife.
  Accordingly, in Soujyuro's mind, an offender paid the price for one's mistakes immediately.
  It was not a matter of who punished whom; it was simply that the one who broke the rules would meet instant, tangible retribution.
  He felt that, in this regard, the laws of the city were far too ambiguous.
  One could meet their demise without ever knowing whether one was in the right or wrong.
"Though, I guess it's probably not that different when it comes down to it."
  To put it simply, retribution was delayed.
  To take the analogy a step further, back home in his village, no one individual had been given the responsibility of maintaining order.
  In the city, however, someone was put in charge of punishing law-breakers on behalf of the kindhearted citizens who lived there.
  While crime and punishment in the mountains were synonymous, in the city the two were separated, and an unrelated person brought judgment after the crime had been committed.
  Entering places that must not be entered...
  Seeing things that must not be seen...
  Breaking a law had consequences; someone would come to exact justice for the law that was broken.
  The result of all this was that the safest way to survive the city was not to stick your nose in the affairs of others.
  When the people who cared about Soujyuro told him to "stay away," they probably meant, "if you don't, nobody will be able to help you."
"Oh crap, I almost took another shortcut."
  No matter how much of a nuisance these obstacles were, one could not just climb over a neighbor's fence, even when one's apartment was just the other side.
  If the people inside happened to be awake and call the police, nobody would lift a hand to help him.
  With his misguided view of the city, Soujyuro once again ended his day in peace.
  Unable to fall asleep right away, he gazed out his window upon the night sky from the floor of his apartment.
  The cityscape had caused him to tremble in fear when he first moved here.
  The convenience of solving almost any problem with the flip of a switch...
  The novelty of living a wall away from a complete stranger...
  It all disappeared into the night sky when he looked up.
"...Is this really the same sky?"
  Unconsciously, he recalled his own words.
  "What dim stars."
  "What a cramped sky."
  Here there were no starry nights.
  Could he even survive here?
  The same misgivings since his first night continued to haunt him.
"..."
  His eyelids fell shut.
  Although he was fraught with worry, Soujyuro's body felt the fatigue from his work and studies, and thus, he fell fast asleep.
"The city is really strange,
  but a pretty easy place to live, once you get the hang of it."
  Soujyuro sighed listlessly.
  He looked down at the winter schoolyard below, lost in thought.
  "December" was written on the corner of the chalkboard.
  He could not believe ten days had already passed since he transferred to the school.
  The last vestiges of autumn had faded with the change of the month.
  The trees were all but barren, and the ground below them a mat of fallen leaves.
  Fourth period was classics.
  An elderly teacher stood at the lectern and rambled on.
  While he had finally gotten used to the classroom, he still had a long way to go to get up to speed in his classes.
  Lacking even the basic understanding most students learn in their early scholastic life, it was a battle for Soujyuro to keep up.
  Even if he was unable to grasp all of the content right away, he at least tried to memorize everything in the hope that he could make use of it down the road.
  Which is why losing himself in his thoughts was about the last thing he should have been doing.
  He would normally chastise himself for daydreaming, but...
"...Hah."
  Troublingly, he was unable to concentrate in class today.
  Soujyuro could not place the source of his lack of concentration.
  It could not have been the winter in the city; it was much milder than in the mountains. Neither was his part-time job particularly tiring.
  He was not any more physically fatigued than the average student, so that could not be it either.
  Others might conclude that it was because the courses were boring, but that seemed off the mark, too.
  Soujyuro did not share his classmates' opinions about their classes.
  On the contrary, he rather enjoyed his class time.
  No, his frame of mind was not to blame either.
  Trying to figure out what was wrong only made him more depressed.
(What's wrong with me? It's not like me to be so distracted.)
  He scolded himself and turned his attention to the chalkboard.
  The rhythmic ticks of the chalk were sending him into a slumber, but he somehow managed to resist their lullaby.
  And yet, he was still unable to focus on the class.
(...Ugh.)
  Soujyuro reflected silently as was his custom, and sighed inwardly.
  Deep down he knew the real source of his agitation.
  The events of the previous night were the only thing it could be.
  With the chime to signal the end of class, the teacher bowed and exited into the hallway.
  To see him off, the thirty or so students all stood up from their desks.
  The clock, which had seemed to slow dramatically around half-past eleven, now struck noon.
  The tension seemed to fade from the room all at once.
  The release from a difficult lesson
  was the start of lunchtime-the highlight of school life.
  Misaki High's cafeteria was not particularly known for its quality of food.
  Complaints that the quality was below that of a private school went unheeded,
  and the same "unique" flavors appeared on the menu each and every day.
  Private school prices coupled with subpar quality led the majority of students to opt for boxed lunches instead.
  Soujyuro's Class 2-C was no exception.
  The boys muscled as many as ten desks into what resembled a long dining table.
  Conversely, the girls divided themselves into smaller tables of two or three desks with practiced ease, and started chatting within their cliques.
  Not a single student wasted even a second of their precious lunchtime.
  Where both sides differed in method, they shared a common goal.
"..."
  Soujyuro was struck dumb by the efficiency of the transformation.
  Even after ten days, he was unable to keep pace with the rest of the class and remained seated where he had sat during the previous period.
"Hey, Sizuki! Over here!"
  The voice came from the large makeshift dining table near the window.
  Housuke Kinomi was beckoning him over while leaning back in his chair in a way that looked like he could fall backward at any second.
  He was regularly shot down by others in the class for being lazy and crass, but his earnest nature kept him from getting on anyone's bad side.
  Though something could be said for not being so forthcoming all the time, too.
"Times-a-wastin'! Let's eat!
  I've got a bunch of leftover spring rolls from yesterday, but when my dad saw 'em, he told me I shouldn't waste 'em, so that's the only thing I've got."
  It seemed his end game was to find someone who might take pity on him and trade him for something better.
  The two of them worked at the same restaurant, so he was one of the few people Soujyuro knew before starting school.
  He was also the reason Soujyuro was able to learn the true meaning of the phrase "can't live with them, can't live without them."
"Yeah, Sizuki! Get your butt over here! It's the long-awaited Canned Food Festival today!"
"So we're really going through with this? We're absolutely sure we wanna do this?"
"You bet your ass we are! Sure, the stuff is processed to hell, but all the canned crab you can eat?! This ain't no sardines in a can, dude!"
"You for real?! Then hell yeah! Count me in!
  Is there enough corned beef for everyone? Or is it first come, first served?"
"That's not somethin' you can eat a ton of, ya know. Only the first can tastes any good."
"With Sizuki on board, we'd be at an even seven cans a piece. What a lifesaver..."
"So what's up with your lunch, Kinomi? It looks harder than the cans."
  The boys usually passed the time by making fun of each other's lunches, but today they were united against a common foe.
  A pyramid of countless cans stood in the middle of the table.
  They had all been taken from the pantry of a certain student's house, and the expiration dates on them had all been scribbled out with a marker.
"All right, lads. Everyone got your can openers?
  Eating them sucks! No one likes leftovers! But these metal demons must be slain at all costs, even if it means missing fifth period!
  Oh, and a special thanks to our sponsors, Downtown McCoy and Nakayama Market!"
"Yeah, baby! Let's eat!"
  The boys united as one and hoisted their can openers into the air.
"Eat up, Sizuki! There's enough can openers to go around!"
"I thought I told you yesterday that I'm not interested in being your taste tester.
  And besides, at least half of those cans are past their expiration date."
"Oh, c'mon! Live a little!"
  Quite an inexplicably excited group of guys.
  Their real motivation seemed to be to spread the pain.
  But moved by their energy and conceding defeat, Soujyuro got up from his seat and joined them.
  And before he could...
"Hey! Give it a rest, why don't you?
  Forget them, Sizuki! Come eat with us!"
  Another interested party joined the fray.
  A girl with short but stylish hair had called out to him.
  She had also tried to get Soujyuro to join the track and field club several days earlier.
"...Um, thanks for the offer, but I'd rather not."
  He answered with a troubled look on his face.
  On their table was nothing but a pile of fruit Soujyuro had never seen before.
"What? Whyyy? You don't like papayas?
  We've got mango and coconut if you want something else! And don't tell anyone, but we've even got a Yubari melon!"
  The members of the fruit group pumped their fists in unison at that last delicacy.
"Wait, coconuts? Can you even eat those?"
"Umm, I'd like a mango if you have any extra."
"Idiots! Meat! MEEEAT! Eatin' anything else is just gonna make ya weak!"
  Soujyuro couldn't keep track of all of the voices flying across the room.
"All I know is that nothing good will come out of either of these choices."
  That being said, he found it difficult to refuse them outright.
  His tendency to accept others' goodwill at face value occasionally left him frozen with indecision.
  Not accustomed to regular human interaction, he was unable to judge when it was or was not appropriate to turn someone down.
  Someone tapped the lost, little lamb on the shoulder.
"Don't mind them. If you get involved with every idiot who invites you to do something, you'll mess up your whole life. It's okay to turn them down, you know.
  And you guys... Stop trying to lead this good soul over to the dark side!"
  An inappropriately loud voice echoed throughout the classroom from behind him.
"Vice president."
  Soujyuro turned around to see a boy about a head taller than him.
  His long hair, while unkempt, had been brushed back, giving it an appealingly windswept look.
  His attractive features belied the contempt for the classroom his eyes carried.
  Unlike the perpetually dopey-looking Soujyuro, he was an extremely attractive boy, capable of captivating anyone who so much as glanced at him.
  In most cases, such a boy's presence would be met with awe and respect. However...
"Oh look! Our mighty vice president has graciously decided to pay us a visit!"
"I thought you were going to take up residence in the cafeteria so you wouldn't have to see our stupid faces anymore!"
"Hehehe, have you lost your way, Your Highness? You're slumming where the commoners eat gruel from their troughs. Shouldn't you be sipping tea with the babes from Class A?"
"Why don't you leave Sizuki alone, huh? First Lady Aoko has it in for him, now His Highness too! What could he have done to have earned the attention of such royalty?"
"Really?! But Sizuki's such a goody-two-shoes! He's never broken any rules!
  Well, the rules of the school at least!"
"Wait, could it be that...Tsukiji really switched teams after Aozaki rejected him!?"
"..."
  They continued to give him a hard time.
  Soujyuro could not help but feel sorry for him.
  The class vice president, on the other hand, showed absolutely no reaction whatsoever.
  He glared at them with a bored look and simply raised his voice.
"You freaks should get some new material.
  Why don't you spend your time more productively for once? Like helping with the Special Winter Cleaning Team.
 Yeah, you heard me.
  Only one student in the entire school has signed up so far! Having all of Class C with us would be a huge help, but I guess you want me and Aozaki to do all the work!"
  The menacing growl in his voice contrasted greatly with the boy's well-constructed looks.
  Both Team Canned and Team Fruit's words were doused like a fire being smothered. 
  This was partly due to their fear of the boy, but mostly due to their fear of the Special Winter Cleaning Team.
  Yes, the Special Winter Cleaning Team.
  Joining meant spending part of your winter break cleaning up the old school building and mountainous rear courtyard that had been neglected by the previous two student councils.
  It was a form of legalized torture that could potentially ruin three whole days of your winter break.
  And forget about any compensation in the form of extra credits.
  No, it was pointless volunteer work for a student council project. It was practically a miracle that they had found even a single volunteer.
"Umm... sorry, but we're clearly... not fit enough... yeah, that's it. That stuff takes conditioning. We'll just eat our canned food in the corner now, okay?"
"Yeah, us, too. We're uh... anemic, you see... and if we don't eat this fruit, we'll, uh, die. That, and we already have plans, or something."
  All of the students but one scuffled away.
"That's much better. Lunchtime is best in silence.
  I'm tired of people complaining that you guys make even more noise than the freshmen. Get it together, you losers."
  The mob meekly scurried away.
  Soujyuro turned to join them, but as he did...
"Hold on, Soujyuro. You're with me."
  The hand on his shoulder held him in place.
"Jeez, who does the student council think they are, anyway? Barging into our classroom to lecture us on table manners!"
  Kinomi cursed him under his breath to his friends the second the vice president turned to go.
"What was that, Kinomi? Oh! You wanna become our second volunteer? Perfect! I'll make it the best winter vacation you've ever had!"
  The vice president must have heard everything Kinomi said, because he gave a thumbs up before figuratively jabbing it in his eye.
"Yo, is this guy for real?
  This is voluntary, isn't it? It ain't voluntary if you gotta force people to do it! Am I right?!"
  The problem child of Class C laughed merrily.
"That was yesterday.
  The school has since accepted the president's proposal that council members be able to forcibly enlist students for participation.
  And recommendations by the president and vice president are ironclad. Refusing them means breaking school rules in addition to facing Aozaki's wrath, which, let me tell you now, I won't be able to stop."
"Whaaat!? You're hanging me by my balls here! This is extortion, or blackmail, or something!"
  Kinomi's terrified shrieking continued behind them as the vice president and Soujyuro left the classroom.
"What am I going to do with you, Soujyuro?"
"With me? Aren't you busy with other things, vice president?"
  The two entered the empty student council room.
  Misaki High's student council had the use of two rooms.
  One was a large office specifically made for the student council.
  The second was an archive room, once used as a preparatory office for math courses.
  As the latter of the two, the walls were lined with densely packed shelves, making an already cramped room seem even more confined.
  For this reason, it served more as a private refuge to the student council.
  The two students sat across from one another.
  Tobimaru Tsukiji.
  He was the son of the chairman of Misaki High School and the vice president of its school council.
  Like Soujyuro, he was in his second year, and first met the transfer student a week earlier when the task of looking after him was dumped onto the student council.
"I told you to stop calling me that. People may as well call me the president's dog, the shit I have to take from her."
  As self-deprecating as his words were, he hardly seemed dissatisfied with the arrangement.
  He took a snack from his pocket and grimaced at it before taking a bite.
  The hundred-calorie energy bar sacrificed flavor for efficacy, but somehow not enough to prevent him gnawing on it like a piece of jerky.
"I see what you're saying, Tobimaru, but being a dog isn't exactly a good thing."
  Soujyuro sat in the chair with a concerned look on his face.
"Huh? What's wrong with dogs?"
"Dogs aren't good. I mean, it's a bad comparison in the first place, but dogs are way scarier."
"You grew up in the mountains, and you're still afraid of dogs?"
"I'm afraid of most animals, but dogs are in a class of their own.
  A pack of wild dogs is particularly terrifying.
  They're as tenacious as they are fast.
  No matter where you run, they'll chase you as long as there's still life left in them."
  Soujyuro opened his lunch as he spoke.
  Inside the bright green cloth: three beautifully made triangular rice balls.
"...Would you look at that."
"Look at what? What do you mean?"
"Oh, nothing. It's just that those are some special-looking rice balls you've got there."
"...Is that a good thing or a bad thing?"
"I'm trying to compliment you, you idiot."
  Soujyuro was always confounded by phrasing that could be interpreted in multiple ways; euphemisms and subtle sarcasm were often lost on him.
  It was only on rare occasions, like this one, that he chose to confirm what was being said.
  Tobimaru had come to suspect that Soujyuro had a very black-and-white way of seeing things.
"Say, does that hard chunk of flour-looking stuff taste any good?"
  Soujyuro stared at the energy bar with a curious look on his face.
"It's not meant to taste good. You can try it if you want.
  People shouldn't hold back when it comes to the three base desires."
  Tobimaru quickly finished off his bar, put another one on the table, and grabbed one of Soujyuro's rice ball.
  Soujyuro failed to notice the rudeness of the forced exchange, and gave the proffered energy bar a try.
"...It kind of tastes like dirt."
"Now you get it. It's what a joyless existence tastes like."
  Out of principle, Soujyuro labored over his energy bar, cringing all the while.
  He was both curious of the unknown and loathe to leave something unfinished.
"Don't force yourself to finish it right now. The whole point of it is that you can eat it on the run. And while the flavor isn't that great, at least it's consistent.
  Anyway, never mind that. Are you getting used to how things work around here?"
"Yes. You and Aozaki have been a huge help."
  Tobimaru turned his eyes up to the ceiling, unable to handle Soujyuro's carefree smile.
  As absentminded as Soujyuro might have been, his expressions were nonetheless incredibly earnest.
  It was like poison to someone as self-absorbed as Tobimaru.
(Now I know why Aozaki goes so out of her way to avoid him.)
  He took a bite from the rice ball to steer himself away from such thoughts.
  Though now cold, the rice had managed to maintain its freshness, startling Tobimaru.
"...Huh.  
Wait a sec, I'm the one that has your back, you know that right? Aozaki told me you were too annoying to deal with!"
"Did I say something to upset you?"
"Don't you get it? I'm the only one helping you keep your head above water, while Aozaki sits in the student council room digging up dirt on other students!
  I'm the one who gets lumbered with the crap jobs, while she gets to-"
  Tobimaru stopped himself, realizing how ridiculous he sounded. Soujyuro, rightly so, knew it was nothing to get this upset over.
"Well, whatever. I'm only here 'cause she told me to be.
  Do you know?
  Do you know why she stuck me with you?"
"Because you're the vice president?"
  Tobimaru's handsome face went dark.
"Do you really think it's normal for a student council vice president to waste all of his time on a single transfer student?
  Ugh, whatever, man. Try asking her directly if you get the chance. You'll learn who she really is."
  He snatched another bite of the rice ball while grumbling under his breath.
  There it was again. Rice grains that were just dry enough to be fresh and tender in the mouth; a morsel that betrayed its humble description, which must have been delicately molded by a master chef rather than haphazardly clumped into a ball...
"Just the right amount of salt, and the subtlest of soy sauce notes coming from the center, it...
 It doesn't just whet your appetite, it stimulates the desire centers of your brain and-
 ...Oh wow."
"Tobimaru, you appear to be thinking out loud."
"It's nothing, just color me surprised.
  Hey, Sono-G, what's this filling, anyway?"
  It was only natural to inquire about the unexpectedly delicious bite.
  He had been nibbling around the edges and had not yet reached its center.
"Oh, that would be grasshopper."
"No way!"
  The vice president choked on his cough.
  He had assumed that Soujyuro would prefer earthy ingredients instead of seafood on account of his mountain life, but he never expected he would use grasshoppers.
"Damn it! You should have warned me first, Soujyuro! ...But man, was that delicious!"
"Oh. I was just joking."
  They locked eyes for a moment.
"It's salmon. I would never eat grasshopper."
"O-oh, right. Yeah. I knew that.
  Of course it wouldn't be grasshopper."
"Yeah. I mean, you can't find fresh grasshoppers in this city to begin with."
"..."
  As curious as those words were, Tobimaru decided to let them go.
"Jeez, Soujyuro. That's not something to joke about. You want me to hurl or something?"
"Don't say bad things about Aozaki then."
  Soujyuro closed his eyes as he continued to chew on his rice ball.
  Tobimaru watched incredulously as Soujyuro made no attempt to hide his disapproval.
"Okay, that I can't let go. You're really saying you were taking revenge for Aozaki?"
"..."
  Soujyuro continued chewing.
  The country boy's silent protest said all that needed to be said.
  The vice president suddenly looked like he had been struck by lightning.
"What the... Don't tell me you've fallen for Aozaki!
  You have, haven't you? ...Hey! I asked you a question, dammit!"
  Tobimaru flew out of his chair and violently shook Soujyuro by the shoulders.
  Soujyuro opened his eyes.
"I forgot. You don't know about what happened a year ago...
  'Cause if you did, you wouldn't be treading down this path of destruction, my friend."
"You've got it all wrong, but that's okay. Tell me what happened a year ago first."
"...Hmph."
  Tobimaru regained his composure and sat down after a moment's thought.
"Okay. I'm not one to gossip, but for you I'm making an exception."
  Tobimaru reassured himself that it was in Soujyuro's best interests as a young man to know.
"It went down when Aozaki was a freshman.
  Everybody was new to high school, so nobody knew what anyone was like yet, her included.
  She was a total babe. I mean just look at her!
  All the guys were crazy for her."
  Little did they know that soon after they would go crazy for an entirely different reason.
"The first couple of months, the school descended into chaos.
  You gotta remember, that early on in the year, no one cared about class hierarchy.
  So tons of guys were fighting themselves over her, it was insane. Just getting anywhere near Aozaki was next to impossible."
"I don't understand. Why would that happen?"
"'Cause that's what happens when a hundred guys like the same girl, duh.
  It would have taken Aozaki three months just to have lunch with them all individually.
  So people decided to fight over who got to ask her out."
"..."
"They were all a bunch of losers if you ask me. But what happened next is the juicy part."
"Those who emerged from the conflict unscathed made their move...
  And though she might not seem like it, she's the type who likes to put a guy down lightly, you know, because of their sincerity or courage or whatever.
  At any rate, she rejected all comers as politely as she could."
"But there was one guy who couldn't take a hint.
  He was a third-year who just refused to give up.
  ...Maybe he was a little bit nuts. It's hard to see it any other way at this point."
  Incidentally, Tobimaru decided to gloss over the fact that this student was also the former student council president.
"But he didn't keep it up only at school. Later he started following her home.
 That must have been the last straw, because Aozaki wigged out. She sent him packing in ways I'm not comfortable repeating out loud."
"The conclusion? The student didn't just request a transfer, he tucked tail and left Misaki completely. Aozaki was sentenced to a month of house arrest.
  It came to be known as the Bloody Town Hall Incident.
  She could tell you more about it than I can... but I wouldn't recommend asking her. Ask the school newspaper editor instead. She loves a bit of gossip."
"Tobimaru. I get the feeling you're not telling me everything."
"Hey, you'd do the same if you were me. I may be the board chairman's son and all, but some things scare even me, and I wanna graduate in one piece.
  You want me to freak out every time I see a girl in a school uniform?"
"..."
  Soujyuro tilted his head to the side in confusion.
  Tobimaru had lost him with that comment.
"Well, whatever.
  What is it about Aozaki that you like anyway?"
  He tilted his head again, this time to the other side.
"Whoa. Are you really that hot for her?
  'Cause if your heart pounds in her presence, that could be caused by fear, you know. Tell me you aren't stupid enough to like her for no good reason."
  He tilted his head even further.
  What Tobimaru was saying sounded off, but Soujyuro decided not to press the matter.
  All the more because he found many of his own emotions towards Aoko Aozaki to be incomprehensible.
"It is kind of strange, to be honest. I don't even know her that well."
  That was because they had not truly spoken to each other since the day she showed him around.
  Every time Soujyuro tried to talk to her, she immediately got up and left.
  As fate would have it, they ended up working together that recent Sunday, but made only idle chatter on the way and back.
"There's something you don't know, either, Tobimaru.
  Sometimes I feel someone's gaze on me, and when I turn around to see who it is, she's there, looking like she's worried about me, that I'll mess up.
  I know what you'll say-she just happened to see me in the hallway and was keeping an eye on me. Maybe she secretly wishes she could ignore me when we pass each other.
  But whatever the reason, I believe her concern is genuine."
"And that's the most important thing about all this.
  I believe that nature of hers has helped me out repeatedly."
  His tone was measured and sincere.
  Tobimaru sighed with a tinge of regret.
  If not for those words, he could have introduced Soujyuro to a more suitable girl with whom he could have lived out the rest of his school days in peace.
  He never went to such lengths for his other friends.
  Generally speaking, if it was of some benefit to him, he was unafraid of exploiting another.
  If they were of no use, he didn't bother getting involved with them. That was how Tobimaru Tsukiji operated.
  Soujyuro happened to be the type of person who provided no benefit to Tobimaru, yet somehow sparked in him a desire to help.
  It was not that friendship was completely alien to him.
  He just did not have many people he felt that close to.
  So if Soujyuro had really fallen for Aoko, it was not his place, as a friend, to try to change his mind.
"Ugh, well, I guess it's true that love knows no reason."
"I wouldn't say there's no reason for it. I can think of one at least.
  I thought she was beautiful the moment I first laid eyes on her."
"Uh."
  Tobimaru's shoulders slumped.
"After all that, you just like her for her looks? Listen to yourself, Soujyuro!"
"What's wrong with appreciating beauty?
  I don't think there is anything wrong with judging someone by the physical appearance they worked hard to create."
"Hrm."
  That sounded like a sophism to Tobimaru, but he had no counterpoint to offer.
"All right. I get it. I'll let it go. It's none of my business who you go after anyway."
  Now...
  Tobimaru was mistaken about one major point during this whole conversation.
  Namely, that Soujyuro was not head-over-heels in love with Aoko and hoped to go steady with her. He merely liked her as a person.
  Nobody could have foreseen the massive calamity that would be caused by this simple misunderstanding.
"I've just got one piece of advice for you, Soujyuro.
  Just because Aozaki fights with someone doesn't mean she hates them, and just because she's nice to someone doesn't mean she likes them.
 I'm a prime example of that."
  He spoke with a pained sigh as if opening old wounds from the past.
"I see.
 What happened?"
"Long story short, she used to be really full of herself, and I once tried to hit her.
  It happened last summer. I'd already been working with her in the student council for a year at that point and saw her more like a fellow soldier in the trenches than as a girl.
  One day, I lost my temper and I took a swing at her. I like to think I've got a mean right hook, and I slugged her pretty good, so I thought I won that round."
  He had a distant look in his eyes as his words trailed off.
"The next day, when I came to the student council room, I thought she'd be spoiling for a fight, but she was the same as always.
  And since then, we've simply continued working together as president and vice president."
  Soujyuro sighed at his story.
  He then said, with absolute confidence,
"So, you just wanted to brag about how close you two are?"
  Clearly, he had missed the point entirely.
"Are you kidding me!?  
 How in the hell do you come to that conclusion after hearing a story like that!?
  
I'm telling you that from that day forward I could never see her again as a woman!"
"Oh, I was mistaken?"
  A look of disappointment flittered across Soujyuro's face. 
  Tobimaru revised his opinion: Soujyuro was something of a simpleton, but there was a quality to him that Tobimaru could not quite place.
"Just take it from me―her standards are anything but normal.
  She won't like you for being nice to her, and she won't hate you for being mean to her. That's the kind of princess she is."
  Soujyuro answered that he would keep it in mind, as he looked to the clock.
  They had been talking for a while, and lunch was almost over.
"Is there anything else you wanted to discuss?"
"Huh? I didn't have anything to discuss in the first place."
"..."
  Why had Tobimaru even brought him here in the first place? Soujyuro tilted his head in wonder but shook it off to deal with the more pressing matters at hand.
"Could you stay a little longer?
  There's something I wanted to ask you."
"?"
  Tobimaru sat up straight, having never seen Soujyuro's face look so serious before.
  Soujyuro set aside his rice ball and cleared his throat.
"It's about something that happened yesterday."
  He spoke solemnly.
  And as carefully as possible, he recounted what had occurred the night before...
"Sizuki, you in here?"
  It was ten to twelve and lunchtime was quickly coming to an end.
  Her face popped into Class C. As lively as ever,
  as if it were an everyday occurrence...
  ...Aoko Aozaki announced her presence.
  While Aoko wasn't part of Class C, she didn't let it bother her as she casually entered the classroom.
  In contrast, the baby birds who had been so noisily chirping while eating lunch quickly quieted and began to rearrange their seats.
(Hmph. Are they trying to tell me something?)
  She bristled internally before looking around the room.
  She could not see the male student she had come here to find.
  He hardly stood out, so she thought he might be hidden in a corner somewhere, but that appeared to not be the case.
"Arisato, do you have any idea where Sizuki from seat 12 is?"
  Aoko kept her tone professional.
"Wait, me? Umm, Sizuki left with His Highness Tobimaru a while ago."
  The boy was shocked that she actually knew his name.
  One might think that the reason students referred to Tobimaru Tsukiji by a royal title was because he was the chairman's son, but it was because he actually acted like royalty.
  In fact, the vice president was said to have taken a liking to the title.
"He's with Tobimaru? Are those two friends or something?"
  She seemed surprised.
  The class seemed surprised at her surprise.
"No idea, but we've never seen Tsukiji be that friendly with another boy before.
  Well, maybe Kinomi, but he's an idiot, so that hardly counts."
"Yeah. His Highness was slow to warm to him, but since the third day, it's been nothing but friendly arguments."
"Well, you can't really help but like Sizuki. He may be a little odd, but he's good people."
"Totally! Soujyuro is really nice!"
  Having recomposed themselves, Class C started chatting again.
  Aoko listened for a bit before turning around
 and leaving the class with a, "later."
  All the Soujyuro talk finished as quickly as it had started.
  Lunchtime was coming to a close in the student council room.
  Soujyuro, having told his story, was smiling in satisfaction.
  Tobimaru, still sitting across from him, was frowning.
"So, what do you think?"
  Soujyuro told his yarn as best he could.
  Tobimaru fingered his brow as if he was angry or concerned.
"Sono-G. Are you trying to make fun of me? A word of advice, leave that to us smart people, hmm?"
"Take that back. I'm more clever than you think."
  His response only confirmed Tobimaru's suspicions.
  It had to be one of two possible conclusions.
  That what Soujyuro had just told him was true...
  ...or that Soujyuro was so tired that he must have been hallucinating at the time.
  Tobimaru sincerely hoped it was the latter.
"To be honest, Soujyuro. You're growing on me.
  Anybody that never lies can't really be considered human.
So for a misanthrope like me, I suppose you could say its easy to like you.
 But if you're gonna stick to your dumb story, I'm not sure what I'm going to do for lunch starting tomorrow."
"Why not just eat in the cafeteria?"
  Hearing his suggestion, Tobimaru's face darkened.
"Okay. I'll spell it out for you. You were hallucinating.
  If you still insist you saw a ghost, I'd be more than happy to introduce you to a good psychiatrist."
"So that's your take on it. Good to know."
  As bitter as Tobimaru's words might have sounded to most, Soujyuro swallowed them whole.
"I already figured as much. It sounds like a tall tale to me, too.
  I was starting to wonder if it was normal for that kind of thing to go on in a city, so I wanted to hear your opinion."
  Satisfied, Soujyuro finished off his last rice ball and neatly folded the cloth.
"Hey, hold on a second.
  You didn't actually think it was normal for people in the city to breathe fire or extend their arms like they're made of rubber, did you?"
"Well, not normal, as much as within the realm of possibility.
  This city is full of extraordinary things we don't have up in the mountains. I thought it might have some extraordinary people as well."
  That his face was as serious as it was made Tobimaru realize just how big a culture shock Soujyuro must've been experiencing.
  Living up in the mountains, with no electricity.
  In a place where the night sky was as it always had been, where humans were just one more organism in nature's garden. It makes sense that those conditions would create a boy like him.
  The idea of children growing up so pure was an appealing one, but maybe it was natural to forgo civilization when your population was so small.
  Or perhaps it was so simple a world that excessive knowledge was deemed irrelevant.
  It was precisely because city life offered him so much that was impossible up till now that he had come to the conclusion that anything was possible here.
"Relax. The city might have its share of shady guys, but none of them are magicians in disguise."
"I hope you're right."
  But Soujyuro seemed unsure.
  And on Tobimaru's part, there were things to Soujyuro's story that he found hard to swallow.
Whether true or not, the incident Soujyuro had described was disturbing.
"For the time being, let's assume what you say actually happened.
  That would ultimately mean that one of our school's students killed someone in the park last night and that neither of the parties involved were... normal."
  As a newcomer to town, Soujyuro assumed that everyone his age was a student at this school. For better or worse, he was right.
"One of them was equipped with a flamethrower, while the other...
 ...had a naginata... or at least a bladed weapon resembling one that was a good few feet in length."
  Soujyuro bobbed his head up and down as he listened to the disbelief in Tobimaru's voice. Hearing it repeated by someone else, he could see how someone might think he was taking them for a ride.
"Look, I'm not crazy, it really did happen like I said."
"Give it to me straight, Soujyuro. You're pulling my leg, aren't you?"
"No, I'm not.
  But I get it. There's no one in the city who can do that...right?
  If not, I was probably just hallucinating like you said. Working part-time while studying for exams has been pretty trying."
  Winter break was just around the corner and the end of term exams were but a week away. Both were proving formidable opponents for Soujyuro.
"I don't even know the basics, so I need to study twice as hard as everyone else. I mean, anyone would start to lose it if they did nothing but study, right?"
"I wouldn't say you're losing it, but you're definitely pushing yourself too hard. Maybe cut back on work a bit until the exams are over?"
"I've tried to cut back, but a lot of people take off at the end of the year, so they often ask me to fill in for their shifts."
  He shrugged helplessly.
  It was obvious from his words that he had been busy.
  Even if he was not going crazy, lack of sleep could have caused him to daydream, even if this all did go down in the middle of the night.
"Sounds tough, Soujyuro."
"Yeah, city life has been exhausting."
  Soujyuro nodded with a pained look on his face.
  What was strange, however, was that he did not look the least bit tired.
"I'm impressed you never complain about it.
  You always look like nothing bothers you at all."
"Hm? That's just because it isn't bad enough to bother me."
  As he answered, Soujyuro looked up at the clock on the wall.
  Lunchtime was almost over.
"Tobimaru, the time."
"Really? It's that late already? You can go on ahead. I still have things to do."
  Soujyuro watched as Tobimaru made a gesture that seemed to lament the life of a student council member.
  His eyes looked as if they were looking at a piece of art and not understanding its value.
"I'm jealous that you can just skip class whenever you want.
  I would have thought you were a stickler for the rules."
"How many times do I have to tell you?! It's not skipping when I've got special permission!"
  The vice president angrily defended himself as he stood up.
  The transfer student merely gazed at him, unfazed.
"Hey! You're not honestly implying you still don't understand after all that, are you?!
  Oh well. Just sit down and listen, Sono-G.
  I was granted talent and luck beyond that of most people, but I always put the work in. But once I leave here I'm on my own, now do you get it?"
"I'm sick of explaining this to people.
  My family's status will only keep me afloat for one more year. What about that could you possibly envy?
  Most people can live off privilege for their entire lives, but the best I get is three measly years!"
"So I have to take advantage of what I have while I have it.
  Just the thought of having to count beans like the rest of the idiots out there gets me livid. The adult world is going to kill me. The envy alone will be enough to destroy my fragile heart!"
"..."
  While he must have been joking, Soujyuro took his tone to be completely sincere.
  He listened as he envied Tobimaru's ability to be so open about his feelings.
  From his frame of reference, there was nothing he could do but take Tobimaru for his word.
  When...
"If you're looking to extend your privileges, why not stay in school? I'd be more than happy to arrange that for you."
  The door to the student council room flew open, washing away Soujyuro's half-hearted responses to his friend.
  This frosty statement destroyed the warm atmosphere of the room.
  And it also marked the abrupt end to Tobimaru Tsukiji's reign there.
"...No, I just meant that our dreams are something we take hold of ourselves."
"Really. Then why not spend more time on that than this pathetic display.
  I could hear you all the way from the hallway, Mr. Vice President."
  Not missing a beat, Aoko Aozaki stepped inside the room.
  Her dark hair was slightly disheveled as if she had been running.
  Her gaze missed the sitting Soujyuro entirely and was focused completely on the ranting vice president.
"Good luck, Tobimaru."
  Soujyuro quietly got up to head back to his classroom.
"...That's cold, man."
  Tobimaru grumbled in front of Aoko.
"But it's almost time for class."
"You're just proving my point, you're-"
  He cut himself off.
  Aoko briefly shifted her gaze to Soujyuro.
"It's not like I have time for this, either, you know. It feels like I'm always having to clean up after you."
  Not a complaint. It was her honest opinion.
"Wait, you're here for Soujyuro?"
"Don't worry. I'll deal with you next."
"...?"
  Her eyes shimmered with a murderous glee.
  It was slightly different from the more sullen gaze to which Tobimaru had grown accustomed.
  For whatever reason, Aoko's mood seemed worse than usual.
"Sizuki. Which do you prefer, running or swimming?"
  Aoko asked abruptly.
  Soujyuro frowned a little before saying he was fine with either one.
"That won't do. Pick one."
"...Swimming, I guess. Why do you ask?"
"Because you still haven't joined a club."
  A succinct reply.
  One that left no room for Soujyuro to object.
"You've read the school regulations. All students must participate in club activities.
  I'm not the biggest fan of it myself, to be honest, but a rule is a rule."
"That's crazy. How could I possibly find the time for that?"
"How indeed?"
  An equally terse response.
  She was typically to the point, but Tobimaru got the impression that she was expressly trying to keep her interaction with Soujyuro short.
"..."
"..."
  They stared at each other in silence.
  Tobimaru stood breathlessly silent on the sidelines until Soujyuro broke the impasse.
"I thought you of all people would understand, Aozaki.
I mean, of course you do.
  That's what makes you strong."
  Soujyuro stood up from his seat.
  He walked past Aoko and into the hallway.
"Do you mind if I start tomorrow?"
"Whatever works for you, Sizuki."
  He did his best to force a smile before leaving the student council room.
   While watching the events play out, Tobimaru found himself deeply impressed with Soujyuro.
  He could tell from Aoko's behavior that she was trying to get a rise out of Soujyuro. Soujyuro, on the other hand, didn't react. Heedless of what Aoko was doing, he simply went on his way.
  To Tobimaru, it was hard to believe that Soujyuro had not taken offense.
  From his point of view, Soujyuro's poker face had been the performance of a lifetime.
"The kid has some balls, huh, president?"
  He looked at Aoko curiously.
  Aoko stood completely still, staring at the wall.
"...Hey, Aozaki?"
  Aoko showed no response.
"Yo. President. Earth to Aozaki, come in, come in. ...Lady Aoko?
  ...
 Ahem. I'M TALKING TO YOU, AOKO AOZAKI!"
"Enough with the 'AO, AO, AO,' already! God!"
  Her fury echoed across the student council room.
  It was a beautiful sound that could be heard into the hallway and made Tobimaru's rant from earlier pale in comparison.
"Look who's talking, miss megaphone!"
  Perhaps her shouting was still ringing in his ears, or he was just the type to answer a shout with a shout, but he shot back reflexively.
"No wonder you can't get a boyfriend.
  Do I have your attention now?"
"I could hear you before. I was just ignoring you because you were annoying me, and I thought it'd be easier than getting you to shut up."
"You've got some nerve. Am I a mosquito to you?"
"A mosquito would offer better company, so no."
"...And what exactly is that supposed to mean?"
"We never see eye to eye. Talking to you is like going on a date, both pointless activities."
"..."
  Based on that statement, Aoko must have been under the assumption that dating was the act of two lovers whispering nonsense to each other.
"...The real question is what the hell qualifies as company to you, but whatever.
  You're awfully harsh today, Aozaki."
"Maybe a little. This isn't exactly the time to make nice."
"Funny you mention that―I haven't seen you try to be civil at all in the last two years."
"Oh, I'm always civil―just not when you're in the same room."
"So that's how it is. You're still upset with me for what happened, aren't you?"
  There was only one thing that Tobimaru could be talking about--
  the incident that occurred in the student council room this past summer.
"Huh? Isn't that ancient history at this point?
  Don't you think you should stop wasting brainpower on this? I mean, you've got so few brain cells to work with as it is."
  As the conversation wore on, Aoko's murderous aura began to fade, and her sharp gaze gave way to a calmer demeanor rarely seen from her.
  It was quite possible that nobody besides Tobimaru had ever seen this side of her at school before.
"Thanks for the concern, psych. And for the record, it's not like I want to relive it either.
  ...It's just, when Sono-G was being an idiot earlier, it kinda reminded me of how it went down. Come to think of it, this is the room it happened in!"
  Despite his ranting, his face betrayed a touch of nostalgia.
  Aoko, on the other hand, was scowling.
"Hold on.
  You didn't tell him about what happened, did you?"
"Sure did. At least, 
how you mocked my candidacy for president and told me my face had sidekick written all over it.
  And the part where I took the bait and tried my damnedest to punch you for it."
  Aoko let out a sigh... as if relieved that Tobimaru had not told Soujyuro the rest of the story.
  Even she wasn't sure why.
"I'll admit that was quite a punch though.
  It was enough to make me react on reflex.
  Did I really say that, by the way?"
"You sure did. And not only that―after I was taken to the infirmary, you had the balls to tell me you did me a favor by forcing me to be your number two."
  Since that day, Tobimaru had served as the vice president to the person who'd usurped the role from him.
"It's fine, though. The president's chair doesn't suit me anyway. I feel much more at home as the vice president. Your job would have probably turned me into my dad."
"Your pride's never allowed you to give anything less than your best.
  You might be a little too comfortable on the student council, though. Makes me wonder how you would've looked as an honor student."
"Don't even go there. Even thinking about it gives me the creeps.
  Having one wolf in sheep's clothing around here is bad enough."
  Tobimaru shooed Aoko away like an annoying pest.
  It was a typical example of the crude verbal abuse they exchanged on a daily basis, with a wittiness that only two longtime foes could manage.
"So...
 Why did you tell him?"
"Tell who what?"
"Why did you tell him what happened between you and me?"
"Oh, that.
  I was just trying to put a stop to the nonsense he was spewing and―"
  He stopped himself before he said any more.
  He knew better than to let slip the fact that Soujyuro had a thing for Aoko. Everyone knew guys didn't sell each other out like that.
  Even if it was all, in truth, a misunderstanding.
"Anyway, what the hell was that before, Aozaki?
  That's some grudge you've got against Soujyuro."
"I'm not some princess who goes around holding grudges for something that happened over a week ago, you know."
  He wanted to retort that she was more like a queen than a princess.
  But he'd come to know her too well over the past two years to dig himself into a hole like that.
"Okay, so why'd you a pick a fight with him?
  I mean, he does throw you off when you talk to him, but there's not an evil bone in his body."
"..."
"Wow. Why are you looking at me like you just stepped in a turd?"
"Oh, no big reason. Hearing you say that, I was just thinking that I've never met such a despicable person in my life."
"...Well, whatever. So he's a good guy? That makes him the perfect person to pick a fight with. If nobody else'll do it, the job falls to me, right?"
  She said casually, having regained her composure.
"You just can't help yourself, huh."
  Tobimaru could not follow her reasoning at all.
  Tobimaru was used to Aoko's erratic trains of thought, but hating Soujyuro for no reason seemed needlessly cruel. His friend's naive and innocent face came to mind, and then he blurted,
"But Soujyuro's taken a shine to you, Aozaki. How can you hate him, knowing that?"
  His vow of silence had lasted not even two minutes.
"Oh. Um... What I meant was..."
  He tried to take it back, but it was too late.
  She had heard his words loud and clear.
All he could hope for now was that she would take it well.
"Because I like what I like and dislike what I don't like.
  Just because he wants to be friends doesn't mean I have to suddenly like him."
  Stone. Cold. Aoko.
  Tobimaru found himself filled with indignation at how detached Aoko was being.
"Don't you get it? This isn't just about friendship!
  And I didn't mean he only 'likes' you, either! Believe me when I say that Sono-G really has a thing for you!"
  He shouted, his face the embodiment of sincerity.
  Aoko gave him a blank stare.
  It was the face of someone who had lost their wallet hours earlier and was only just realizing it now.
  The first instant of doubt that ushers in the reality of the situation.
  But, an instant is all it was.
"So what?"
  She answered coolly,
  as if she had no idea why it should matter to her at all.
"'So what'?! Were you born in hell?! I'll assume you didn't hear me and I'll say it again. Soujyuro-"
  Tobimaru gave up any pretense of masculine solidarity and fired back hard.
"Don't bother. I couldn't care less."
  She ruthlessly cut him off.
"..."
  Thinking of the boys who still harbored unrequited love for Aoko, Tobimaru tried hard to come up with a name befitting the demoness in front of him.
"Now I see. So that's why you told him about our little incident.
  Who could have thought His Highness could be so considerate to his friends?
  I bet you also told him all the nasty rumors floating about me, too, huh."
  She laughed as a fiendish smile adorned her face.
  Tobimaru repented to God, whoever and wherever he or she might be, for ever bringing up Aoko's love life.
"You did the right thing, Tobimaru. Now be a good little vice president and tell me every single thing you told him."
  She was smiling, but Tobimaru wished she'd at least try to hide the bloodlust.
"Just two things, really... The story you're most infamous for, and what happened in this room."
  Aoko nodded with satisfaction as she listened to Tobimaru's hesitant answer.
"Rumors like those can come in handy sometimes. You can use them chase off annoying people. Just be careful about who you tell, okay?"
  Had this been in writing, the chillingly sweet tone of her words could've been signed with a heart.
  Whether angry or happy, Aozaki spoke in a disturbingly cute manner when she was in a heightened emotional state.
  Tobimaru took note of this new discovery, aware that it did nothing to get him out of this situation.
"Don't worry. I value my life, so I'll shut my mouth.
  ...But Aozaki... Do you really hate Soujyuro that much?"
  He knew that it was a topic he would be better off avoiding, but he tried asking anyway.
  The bonds between men, at times, shine more beautifully than a pearl.
"Well... I might not like him... but that doesn't mean I hate him. I'm not even sure why I feel the way I do.
  Which is probably the problem."
  Perhaps to placate Tobimaru, Aoko paused in contemplation before she answered.
  Giving it a moment without immediately blurting out a response meant that not even he could complain.
"Huh. I guess that makes sense.
  As much as emotional arguments can make sense. There's nothing I can do if neither of you understand why you feel the way you do."
  Thinking that would be the end of it, Tobimaru looked up toward the ceiling and silently apologized to Soujyuro.
  However...
  His final sentence appeared to have piqued Aoko's interest.
"...Wait. What do you mean by that?"
  Her faux cheer had vanished.
  Failing to pick up on this, Tobimaru answered nonchalantly.
"Oh, nothing. It's just that Soujyuro also said he wasn't exactly sure why he liked you... or more like, there was no particular reason for how he felt, I think."
  Tobimaru was still in disbelief that Soujyuro had been charmed by Aoko's appearance, so he purposely left that part out.
"He said he likes me... for no reason?"
"Yeah. I mean, I even told him about all the rumors around you, and it had no effect on him whatsoever. What did he say again...? Oh, right. He was going on about how genuine your concern for him was, and how it really helped him. It's almost too mushy for me to repeat out loud.
  All I can say is that, unlike the other boys, the rumors didn't faze him in the least."
  Tobimaru finally noticed the shift in Aoko's demeanor.
  She was scowling at the wall.
  She glared at it in silence like it was her worst enemy, and this continued for several minutes.
"...What the hell is that? Why can't I shake the feeling that I've heard all this before somewhere."
  So great was her ire that the gnashing of her teeth was audible.
  The irritation seethed until it reached the point that Aoko forgot Tobimaru was even in the room.
  Tobimaru looked heavenward for forgiveness, sensing that he'd brought further calamity down upon Soujyuro's head.
"...I kind of get it now. I think I know why I don't like him."
  Tobimaru looked away as if to indicate that he'd rather not know, but Aoko ignored him and began to grumble venomously.
"The way he acts and talks reminds me of someone I despise.
  Like how everyone thinks he's an angel, and how nothing seems to bother him. Maybe it's how good he is at getting on my nerves."
  Glancing idly up at the clock, Tobimaru thought that last part just sounded like misplaced anger.
  And that was that.
  One o'clock had come and gone.
"...Fine. I get it. Sorry I said anything.
  So did you need me for anything? Class has already started, you know."
"Huh? What do you mean by class?  
When did it..."
"The bell rang right after Sono-G left, around the time you were busy being pissed off at the wall. Tell me, Ms. President. Are you allowed to miss fifth period?"
"Of course I'm not!
  Why didn't you say something!?"
  She looked like she was on the verge of tears as she shouted and pulled at his necktie.
Tobimaru raised his hands in mock surrender―a gesture reserved only for the true victor.
"Consider this revenge for saying I was worse than a mosquito.
  Hopefully you've learned your lesson, oh hellish demon who feasts upon the hearts of men."
"You're so petty, you know that!?
  You're supposed to repay insults with insults, you coward!"
  She tightened his necktie around his neck with a yank.
  The vice president smiled a thuggish grin, as if her reaction made his victory that much sweeter.
"Heh. It's no secret you're heading to remedial classics. And I don't have to tell you who teaches Class A during fifth period. Old bat Fujishiro is going to have your head!"
  Fujishiro had one of the longest tenures at the school, so it was only natural she would be in charge of teaching the classics.
"This is where you stop yanking on my tie and haul ass to your classroom.
  I won't even try to stop you. Am I not merciful?"
"Damn! It! All! I can't believe you of all people pulled one over on me!
  Just die already!"
  She choked him even harder with his necktie.
  As Aoko put words into action and mercilessly strangled Tobimaru, he saw his life flash before his eyes.
"Ggahhhh! Wait! Stop! I'm gonna die! It isn't too late! Do you want them to mark you absent!?"
  Aoko glanced up at the clock.
  It was still only seven past one. Her route was from the student council room on the second floor to the Class A classroom on the third floor. If she ran she could make it.
"I'll let you live, Tobimaru. This time."
  Aoko clicked her tongue disappointedly.
  What disturbed Tobimaru was that it didn't sound like an empty threat. 
"Be here after school.
  I actually do have something I need you to do."
  She was halfway out of the room before she even finished her sentence.
  Finally all alone,
 Tobimaru closed the open door, locked it,
 and slumped into a chair.
"...Never a dull moment with Aozaki around, that's for sure."
  He leaned back in the creaky folding chair and let out a sigh.
  The weather outside was beautiful.
  But the sunlight waned early in the winter.
  Before long, daylight would fade, and the unheated student council room would grow colder and colder.
  All of the good equipment, like the heater, had ended up in the main office, so he had no choice but to settle in for a chilly afternoon.
"If only this weather would last...
  Shame the forecast predicted more clouds."
  After his somewhat suggestive monologue, Tobimaru's mind drifted.
  He idly wondered to himself whether Soujyuro was an overcast day or a clear day sort of guy, but no answers came.
  The school day over, Soujyuro headed straight to his job.
  While the school had approved his jobs at the Chinese restaurant and fish market in Misaki's shopping district, there was other work he hadn't mentioned to them.
  And it was not because he knew that they would complain at him working too many, but rather because of the illicit nature of one job in particular.
  Today, his workplace was a pachinko parlor in front of Yashirogi Station.
  Soujyuro changed out of his school uniform and into a black faux tuxedo uniform, then began cleaning the storefront.
  Yashirogi was the jewel of Misaki City, a busy place with a vast assortment of commercial centers and shopping arcades.
  Where there were people en masse, there were products made en masse.
  A romantic might describe it as a place of joy,
  a realist would note the free enterprise,
  and a cynic would point at all the garbage.
  Local authorities had attempted to beautify Yashirogi, but there was one basic tenet of society they could not overcome.
  This establishment was the embodiment of that rule.
  Businesses such as this attracted the dregs of society, and as such, the front of the parlor had to be cleaned several times a day.
  Soujyuro stood outside in the winter cold sweeping used-up cigarette butts, picking up discarded fliers, and tossing empty cans into the trash.
  Something about it must have reminded him of mountain life, because he cheerfully finished the job with ease.
  After making sure the storefront was acceptably clean, he returned to the inside of the parlor where it was nice and warm.
  Blinding lights, deafening sounds,
  and the oppressive odor of tobacco assaulted him as he passed through the parlor on his way to the office.
"Boss, I've finished cleaning outside."
"Good job. I've got something else for you. Could you go check on the customer on machine forty on the second floor for me?
  I have a hunch she might be cheating."
  His boss was a good-natured man who used to work a desk job.
  The reason he employed someone like Soujyuro, even though he was clearly a student, was not because he admired him for working his way through school.
  It was because all of the other employees were scary and intimidating, and he wanted at least one employee who was not.
"Are you sure? I still haven't cleaned the toilets."
"It's fine, it's fine. She's in the security camera's blind spot, so we have no way of confirming whether she's up to no good.
  I want you to go because you've got a sixth sense about these things. Go check on her, will you?"
  Hearing that, Soujyuro put away his cleaning equipment and headed upstairs.
  It was a typically large-scale pachinko parlor with two floors.
  It prided itself on being a local establishment that was satisfied with taking the locals' money little-by-little without resorting to more exploitative means.
  But regardless of the parlor's intentions, its customers were not so scrupulous.
  Among them were casual players, professional gamblers, and cheaters looking to profit by exploiting whatever loopholes they could find.
  Of particular prevalence was a device developed in the mid-eighties that could disrupt a machine's circuitry from the outside and make it much easier to get what was called a triple seven jackpot.
  As much as the parlor wanted to deny these cheaters entry, it needed to present hard evidence of cheating, or risk losing customers.
  Particularly in the service industry, "innocent until proven guilty" was not a rule taken lightly.
  As a result, they could only punish the customers they caught in the act.
  Such cheaters were known as gotoshi, a slice of society which Soujyuro knew nothing about.
  What he did know was that they were inconveniencing his employer and violating their rules.
  He went upstairs.
  The radio and game machine sounds on the second floor were quieter than the cacophony downstairs.
  There were a hundred game machines on the ground floor and over eighty on the second. While there were some empty seats here and there, it was a solid evening turnout.
  The machine mentioned by his boss was in the center aisle.
  Soujyuro nonchalantly leaned back against the wall and watched the customer hit the jackpot over and over again.
"..."
  The second he saw her, his gut told him that she was not cheating.
  He still was not sure what made someone a master swindler, but if it meant they were special, this woman certainly fit that description.
  It was almost as if he could feel the luck emanating from her.
  As the customers looked on, she silently turned the handle again and again.
  She appeared older than Soujyuro.
  She wore a green, form-fitting, one-piece dress.
  A pair of stockings covered her legs.
  Her slender legs were gracefully crossed, and her elegance suited a painting better than a casino.
  Her dark, reddish hair was cut short in a bob, perfectly framing her stylish spectacles and crimson lips.
  Truth be told, something was off about this picturesque beauty ringing the jackpot over and over again.
  Four boxes' worth of pachinko balls sat at her feet, and her winning streak showed no sign of abating.
  She looked bored as her slender, porcelain fingers lifted a long cigarette to her lips.
(Feels like... I've seen her somewhere...)
  Just as that thought crossed his mind, her gaze turned toward the wall, and Soujyuro.
"...!"
  Suddenly, a chill ran down his spine.
  He reflexively covered his mouth to keep from shrieking.
(It's her! The woman from yesterday!)
  Acting on pure instinct, Soujyuro took off running.
  He headed straight downstairs, desperate to not be on the same floor as her.
  He would have run straight out the door, but for his obligations to his job.
"Boss, I'm leaving early. And the person upstairs is fine."
  He tried to keep his composure as he spoke, jamming his school uniform into a paper bag as he ran out of the parlor.
  Cloudy weather brought the shadow of night over Yashirogi as he ran through the shopping arcade toward the station.
  He shot up the long staircase like an arrow, quickly pulled his train pass from his wallet, and passed through the ticket gate.
  The ticket gate was crowded with people standing around, walking, and talking.
  The station attendant by the automatic ticket machine had an unpleasant look on his face. There was now a familiar, comforting hustle and bustle around him.
  Just another day in the city.
  Nothing like what he witnessed the night before.
"...Phew."
  He could finally breathe again.
  The momentary rush of relief brought him to an abrupt stop.
  He nervously turned around.
  There was no way that dangerous individual could be behind him.
(Wait, why would I even...?)
  He couldn't think of a good reason for why he'd fled so desperately.
  As far as he could remember, he hadn't even seen the threat's face long enough to form an opinion about her.
  Soujyuro gave himself a good slap on the cheek to pull himself together and quickly made his way down to the platform.
  Unfortunately, the next train was ten minutes away, and panicking would do him no favors, so he quietly found an empty seat and sat down.
"..."
  He took another deep breath.
  He was surrounded by people waiting for the train just like he was.
  ...And no sign of anyone pursuing him.
  His head finally cleared up, and he assured himself that he was overthinking things.
  Though, he was surprised at how heavy his shoulders felt.
(I'm just tired, I'm sure of it. I know my own body best, after all.)
  Soujyuro sighed at his greater-than-expected fatigue.
  He had certainly struggled since coming down from the mountains, but in retrospect, it could have been worse.
  Physically, he was probably holding up fine.
  He was much less confident in his mental state.
  The city and the mountains could not have been more different.
  He had been slow to recognize the differences and adapt.
  Acclimation was simple enough. Humans were nothing if not adaptable. Even without any effort, one would learn to adjust over time.
  Recognizing the challenges had been the hard part.
"...Actually, it's all been difficult."
  Soujyuro grumbled a complaint he'd never uttered before.
  To be honest, he was still afraid to wander around town.
  There were so many things city people took for granted that Soujyuro had yet to grasp. It was little wonder that this neverending chain of surprises would wear on him.
(Oh... It isn't my body that's tired.)
"That would explain the hallucination."
  He muttered to himself, then shook his head.
  That which exists, exists. Such was the way of all things.
  Tobimaru had called it a hallucination, but Soujyuro knew what he saw was real.
  The city was a magical kingdom compared to the mountains.
  If there were real magicians secretly living here, that should have been no surprise at all.
  The thought alone made his legs tremble. It took him a moment longer to realize that they were quivering out of fear.
  He had feared the unnatural ever since he encountered a wild bear on a mountain path as a child.
"But this is nothing like that.
  I cried and screamed my head off back then."
  Soujyuro smiled a little as he recalled his traumatic childhood memory.
  Anyone would have fainted at the sudden appearance of a growling beast that towered over 6 feet tall.
  The monster in the movie that Soujyuro saw not two days ago was the equivalent of a cuddly stuffed animal when compared to the wild mountain creatures.
  He was reminded that he'd faced far worse before, and his ordeal now was something he could endure.
"That's right. The problem now, is... what I heard someone say at the end. What's 'catch and eliminate' supposed to mean?"
  At face value, the meaning was obvious.
  But the implications were simply too frightening to contemplate seriously. Perhaps he had misheard the words, or perhaps the speaker had misspoke.
"The law of the city... means someone will deal out punishment eventually..."
  Even as he said it, the idea didn't feel quite real. It was hard to imagine that it applied to him.
  Soujyuro breathed in and closed his eyes.
  His vision dimmed, putting the illuminated cityscape out of sight, and out of mind.
  For now, he resolved to put last night's events behind him.
  When he opened his eyes, his breathing had calmed.
"I wonder...
  What happened to Tobimaru when he tried to hit Aozaki?"
  The question suddenly popped into Soujyuro's head.
  He decided he would ask next time, and stood up from his chair. A long streak of light blazed by, announcing the arrival of the next train.
  Let me tell you...
 ...how the events of yesterday transpired.
  "On moonless nights, you must never look back."
  Was it a lesson or was it a warning?
  It was so very long ago. At the time, I could not have imagined what I, what my very being, would become.
  One night, it came without warning. I was filled with an anxiety so heightened that it made me want to burst into tears, so I fled to my grandfather's workshop.
  Unlike the grandfather I knew, he smiled and kindly placed his hand upon my head.
  "...Yes, the red death follows your every step."
  Rather than consoling me, he sent me home with only those haunting words.
  That night, I was certain that I sensed a shadow lurking behind me.
  Something or someone watching me from afar...
  Then little by little, year by year, it drew closer.
  Eventually, the presence that once felt like a spot on the horizon grew so close that I could feel its breath down the base of my neck.
  Of course it was all in my mind.
  When I turned around, nobody was there.
  But that night marked the beginning.
  In hindsight, I later understood that the indescribable anxiety I felt was the dread of certain death.
"
...Hey diddle diddle, the cat and the fiddle,
  The cow jumped over the moon,
  The little dog laugh'd..."
  ...How much time has passed since that night?
  It lingered deep in the recesses of my mind where childhood memories are kept.
  A faded, story book-esque memory.
  On dark nights, I still hear the faint echo of my grandfather's words.
  But no matter how strong the wind may howl, or how entrancing the song of the girl next to me, I could never bury his ominous words completely.
"...It's here."
  The girl beside me said.
  Alice's inflectionless voice spoke volumes of her role as the bystander.
  That night, there was only me and her.
  It was the night I would mark as the birth of who I am today.
  For what should have been quite the memorable night, it sure wasn't a promising start.
  Dense clouds blocked the starlight above like a black umbrella.
  Strong wind tore through the sky, carrying the heavy clouds with it.
  The hands on the clock in the middle of the park pointed skyward, as if reaching for the moon.
  Unfortunately for them, tonight there was no moon to point at.
  The winter air grew fiercer as the night wore on.
  Inhaling felt as though it would freeze me from the inside.
  The air chilled me to the bone, threatening to pass up my spine directly to my brain.
  To prevent my mind from being paralyzed,
  and to prevent my fingertips from becoming stone,
  I sparked a fire using my internal rhythm and emotion. 
"I'm transferring tactile feedback to you. ...Good luck.
  Stand over there, and the engraved will-o'-the-wisp will ignite."
  I responded to Alice with a nod.
  And then, for just a moment, I saw the ground.
  ...My legs quivered ever so faintly.
  I told myself they were shaking from the cold, but I wasn't so sure.
  In reality, they may not have been numbed by the cold, but by fear. I breathe a sigh of relief. My humanity must still be intact if my emotions are still present.
  Before I could sink into a pool of my own sentimentality, the sensations from the Bounded Field flowed from Alice into me.
  A transparent wall covered the entire park.
  An unrecognizable carpet rooted deep under the earth.
  Alice Kuonji's chants of the Mother Goose fairy tales permeated the night.
  The sensations became one with my body.
  I felt goosebumps on my quivering right arm.
  Someone had trespassed.
  The goosebumps crept up my right arm like ants,
  and slowly but surely, made inroads for my heart.
  Holding back the desire to drive them out, I waited for them to reach a certain, definitive position.
  A moonless night.
  The park's quaint street lights were not enough to lift the darkness.
  The ants came to a stop.
  Far, far from my right arm, they had reached my very heart.
  Even without the aid of my sense of sight, I could see the intruder lurking in the darkness.
  To starboard, in the bushes about thirty steps back, on all fours. It was beckoning with its right hand.
"...There!"
  The enemy's movement and my perception of it were in lockstep.
  I spun around.
  The enemy's arm stretched out like a spear.
  This lethal weapon, aimed at the back of my head, brushed my hair at breakneck speed.
  With the omniscient awareness granted by Alice's ward, I managed to avoid it by the skin of my teeth.
  My hair fanned through the air from the violence of the attack.
  The strike grazed my cheek, and I felt a small, sharp pain.
  It felt like the kiss of death.
"...!"
  I switched the flow of my body's blood to a different cycle.
  The blood running through my veins at a few feet per second transmuted into an imaginary element.
My body became a single circuit and my heart transformed into a completely different engine.
  Within me stirred an unknowable motion of immeasurable heat--
  Something Mystic, yet untapped by humankind, that made me who I am.
  It was the fire of life behind all miracles and fables--
  what we mages called magical energy.
"...<Connecting|Set.>."
  I turned around, set the enemy in my sights, and held up one hand.
  My arm was the agent of my will.
  My lack of experience meant my magecraft would only be possible with the use of vocalizations and gestures.
  Magical formulae were engraved all over the park.
  All I had to do was ignite them.
  I needed to direct the flow of the magical energy within my body into each formula.
  Typically, a mage acts as a conduit. Whether wired or wireless, the mage simply pours magical energy into the formula.
  Releasing this energy in the form of a projectile, stream, or any number of other methods would usually suffice, but in my case...
 It was the feeling of my limbs whipping out!
"Burn!"
  I fought speed with speed.
  The enemy's arm, extended ten feet forward, became engulfed in flames.
  It was nighttime at the park. The scene, reminiscent of a campfire, but one in which the center of the flames contained a humanoid figure wriggling like a shadow puppet.
  The flame subsided just as unnaturally as it had ignited.
  No crackling, no burning smell.
"You can have the Bounded Field back. I'll check the remains."
  After telling this to Alice, I headed toward the motionless figure.
  I killed it.
I killed it.
I killed it.
  Regardless of who my opponent was, I just took someone's life.
  My throat parched, I swallowed the truth that without this sense of reality I would have been helpless.
So hard and bitter, impossible to swallow...but I tried to anyway.
"..."
  I was unnervingly calm. My heart pounded and my breath felt heavy, but my mind was nonetheless calm.
  By the time I realized it, the charred remains were already in front of me.
  Bracing for a counter-attack, I carefully examined the corpse.
  Everything seemed fine. This body lying slumped to the ground, was nothing but ash.
"...?"
  But something wasn't right.
  To begin with, its remains didn't smell organic.
  Not willing to believe my hunch, I took a closer look at the corpse's face.
  All that greeted me was the featureless white face of a mannequin.
"Damn it, they got us again!"
  Screaming, I kicked the mannequin.
  The corpse crumbled to ash and disappeared with the wind.
No, this was no corpse. This was just a puppet, and for all our efforts to lure the master out, we had once again been tricked by a familiar.
  My debut, my first test out in the open, would be postponed for another day.
"Argh...
 Will I ever pass this test...?
 ...What?"
  At that moment, I suddenly noticed something familiar in the corner of my eye.
  Something seemed strange about the slide on the other end of the park. It appeared as though its shadow were larger than it should be.
  Was I still drunk on the high of battle?
  It took me a second to realize what it was.
"Who's there!?"
  Calling out was a mistake.
  Startled by my voice, the figure, wearing a familiar high school uniform, took a step back, and then...
 It broke into a sprint.
  Like someone running for their life.
  ...Or should I say, he was doing exactly that!
"After him! We've been spotted!"
  In a rush, I shouted to my partner, but she hadn't even noticed the third party's presence in the first place.
  Though, it wasn't as if I could move by myself. Embarrassingly, the fight had taken more out of me than I'd have liked...!
"No, he'll get away!
  We need to catch and eliminate him!"
  There was no time for niceties.
  For us, being seen here was a matter of life and death!
"Wait, get back here you...!"
  Shaking off the numbness in my legs, I made for the park's exit.
  I had to admire his escape.
  The witness, party to the entire night's proceedings, had disappeared into the darkness of the residential district without a trace.
"Why the hell didn't I sense him in the field!?"
  Complaining to myself wouldn't bring back the figure in uniform.
  Bitter at my own incompetence, I gave up the chase.
  Though temporary, the park had become Alice's "woods."
  For anyone within a few feet of the park, other park-goers' identifiable features and voices became murky, like the stuff of fairy tales.
  Tonight's proceedings may have had a witness, but if our identities were still hidden... Then this was still a chance.
"That looked like a male from behind."
  I returned to the park.
  That uniform was, without a doubt, from my high school.
  That was clue enough. If he was a schoolmate of mine, I had plenty of methods to flush him out.
"...It's one thing after another."
  Amidst my grumbling, I set my priorities straight.
  Before some strange rumors spread, I needed to seal the witness's mouth shut.
  That was the highest priority. Quickly and without mercy.
  Looking up, I saw Alice's previously distant figure.
  Though she was in as much trouble as I was with her existence as a mage also exposed, she had but one thing to say.
"...This means trouble."
  Her statue-like figure, staring into the darkness, seemed more expressionless than calm.
  ...I was pissed off.
  Her inscrutable voice resembled the moonless night so much it made me angry.
  There really isn't any other way of saying this. I am a magician.
  Kind of like those witches in fairy tales who live alone in the woods and perform miracles with the wave of a finger.
  While the popular depiction of it differs from reality, it's closer to the truth than you know.
  Though just so we're clear, no, I don't fly through the sky on a broom.
  I cannot transform into animals or speak with small birds.
  Modern mages are nothing so fanciful.
  Our existence sounds unbelievable, but we're quite grounded. 
  Though it may seem like we can do anything, we're actually majorly constrained.
  And while I still have a lot to learn about it, this is my real job. Sounds a lot more romantic than being a high school student, right?
  Naturally, this is a secret I don't just share with anyone.
"A mage must do everything in their power to conceal their work."
  That is the first and most important of the Association's ten laws, not that I'm tempted to let the cat out the bag in the least.
  My secret identity as an honor student is intact, and absolutely no good would come of me revealing my true nature.
  If anything, it'd only lead to more headaches.
  That's why I do everything in my power to keep it a secret.
  Of course, if I'd accomplished anything as a magician by now, then maybe I'd see it differently.
  I've fantasized about revealing my secret life's work to a single, special person, when I finally make something of myself.
  Yeah... it'd be pretty stellar to just confess one day, "By the way, I'm a magician."
  That idea alone is enough to keep me from spoiling the big reveal, regardless of the Association's rules.
  My grandfather patted me on the head when I shared these thoughts with him.
  I don't know if that was praise or what, but I remember that his touch was gentle.
  I first learned that I would be succeeding my grandfather on the day I graduated middle school.
  When I returned home, there he was.
"Your elder sister left on a journey. From this day forth, you are the heir to the Aozaki."
  He said it in such a matter-of-fact way.
  I knew that the Aozaki family passed down this old tradition of magecraft, but to be honest, I never imagined I would be the one to wield it.
  Magecraft is supposed to be passed down to a single child.
  It was my sister's role to take the mantle, and I had no interest in dedicating myself to so many rules and routines. I planned to live a normal life; I had hopes and dreams for the future.
  I felt bad for my sister, but I was determined to live my life my way.
  And while I managed to do just that for a time, I was blindsided by a vicious counterpunch.
  Since then, I've been thrust headlong into a world I had only observed from afar.
  It was a hell of a way to start high school.
  But I suppose it wasn't all that bad, all things considered.
  ...A lot has happened since then.
  I was so dazed by this newfound life that a year of school motored right by. I was a second-year before I knew it.
  Thankfully, nothing drastic has happened... the six months my roommate and I totally tried to kill each other nonwithstanding.
As it happens, I've got a natural talent at this magic stuff, so I've yet to have any hang-ups there, either.
  I'm only human, so I've had my fair share of headaches for sure, but never once did I worry about my future.
  I thought my life would be smooth sailing all the way.
  If only everything had gone to plan last night.
"Well?"
  Alice Kuonji asked Aoko Aozaki the second she entered the house.
  Her dark eyes succeeded where her voice failed to communicate the gravity of the situation.
  Aoko took off her unflattering coat, hung it on the hanger, and sat down on the sofa.
  Alice sat across from her, with a table separating them.
"Any progress with those things?"
"Not at all. I've only got seven left that are any good for reconnaissance. I've been using them up fast and haven't had time to make more."
  Alice's gaze drifted from Aoko to the box on the table.
"Were none of them keeping watch that night?
  They've never let you down when it comes to this sort of thing, have they?"
"During the day, no. But there is quite the risk when flying them at night."
  Meaning they were of the least use when needed the most. Aoko sighed.
"...Well, how are you faring? You seemed pretty confident this morning."
"Hm?
 Yeah, I guess everything's good on my end.
  I'm pretty sure I'll know by tomorrow. I told Tobimaru to look into all of the students' addresses and schedules.
  Not many people wander the park that time of night, so it should be easy enough to figure out who it was."
"How can you be so sure?"
"Because. I didn't just join the student council to keep up appearances. I've been using my position to keep tabs on everyone.
I have info on everything from part-time jobs, to friends' addresses, to what they're up to in their spare time.
  It's a list I was hoping to keep secret, but we can't afford to do that now, can we? That's why I keep the vice president around. It's the kind of thing he does best."
  Incidentally, the creation of this secret file started the moment Aoko became student council president.
  The mere rumor of its existence was enough to strike fear into the entire student body.
"...As thorough as always, I see."
  Alice was only mildly surprised.
  It had been almost two years since they first started living together.
  She knew as well as anyone that when Aoko put her mind to something, she saw it through to the end.
"Well, I never imagined I'd have to use it like this. But it's better to be safe than sorry."
  But what happened last night was far beyond a mere exception to the rule.
  This predicament should not have even been possible.
"More importantly, have you figured out what went wrong? And don't tell me it had anything to do with your link to the Bounded Field."
  Aoko glared at her.
  The ward was Alice's responsibility.
  If it was to blame for last night's trouble, Alice had to own up to her fair share.
  Alice and Aoko may have been roommates and partners, but it was a relationship of convenience.
  While lineage had brought them together, they were more like enemies than allies.
  Ultimately, they were just not a match.
  Where there was a blunder, it was punished.
  Where there was an opening, it would be attacked.
  If there was even an opportunity...
  The two of them would kill each other in the event of such a moment.
  Alice locked eyes with Aoko.
  Aoko's fierce gaze could make a grown man cower in fear, but Alice did not bat an eyelash.
"...Assuming the Bounded Field was the problem, wouldn't this have happened countless times before?"
  "I suppose you're right," Aoko agreed, as the question reaffirmed her trust in Alice.
"So you're saying there was nothing wrong with it?"
"I honestly can't say for sure."
  Alice answered as flatly as ever.
  A Bounded Field is like a sanctuary sealed away from the real world.
  Steps are taken whereby a certain area is cut off from the outside world.
  There are various kinds of Bounded Fields.
  There are physical ones that close off an area behind a wall,
  and less tangible ones that use mirrors, mist, or trees to conceal that which occurs within.
  However, when closing off an area to the outside world, you cannot avoid communicating the abnormality's existence.
  In other words, the area may be closed off to the outside world, but it is impossible to hide the fact that it is closed off.
  In time, someone will take interest in a sealed-off area even if they cannot see what is going on inside.
  Some might say this is putting the cart before the horse.
  The ideal field would be one that was both undetectable and impervious to interference from the outside.
  That was exactly the kind Alice had generated in the park the night before.
"...Even if someone has a reason to be in a place, they shouldn't enter if you've made them forget their reason for being there.
  It takes an immense amount of time and energy to create a field that produces a temporary illusion around a location you wish to conceal, but they prove extremely effective for at least an hour or so, right?
  And, to top it all, it was top-class, made from your mirrors, and it's not like they shattered while we were using it. The only other presence I felt inside was that of that puppet.
  If that isn't a perfectly constructed Bounded Field, then what is?"
"...I have no idea. The trees were prepared perfectly.
  I cultivated the trees and plants over several days, and it's always proved to be a reliable field. But maybe, just maybe, there was something I didn't account for."
  Though Alice's words conceded the possibility, her eyes expressed her confidence that she had overlooked nothing.
"...Well, crap. In that case, we'd better hope that the witness was the puppeteer, which would make sense. A mage would probably be able to penetrate it.
  Something else bothers me, though. How did he avoid detection?"
  The thought of being targeted by this individual was pretty terrifying.
  If they were able to penetrate Alice's field, it could only mean that their skill in magecraft was superior to Alice's.
  ...Alice, in her current state, would be completely helpless against such a foe.
"...I've already determined that it was not a mage.
  This was most certainly an outsider. The starlings are one thing, but not even Robin was able to follow him. There were no traces of magical energy, so that rules out a magical pawn."
  Aoko was quickly running out of straws to grasp at.
  And that meant she was out of questions to ask.
  All she could do was call it bad luck and leave it at that.
(First you get found out that you're a mage, then you let the witness get away. Why couldn't I just have normal high schooler problems...)
  The sofa groaned as she leaned back.
  Her gaze went up to the brown ceiling with a sigh.
  It wasn't much of a view. She was becoming increasingly depressed.
"Aoko. Make up your mind."
  Her roommate's voice seemed indifferent.
  But Aoko just kept staring up at the wooden ceiling.
"...If you're not up to the task, I can take care of it myself."
  The cool-mannered girl's statement carried an equally icy implication.
  Aoko took the words in slowly with as much sincerity as she could muster.
  It was like trying to swallow molten lead.
(She's right. And I've already made up my mind.)
  The thought sounded hollow even as it popped into her head.
  This was clearly different from last time.
  While the aim was indeed the same, the circumstances surrounding her target were clearly different.
  She may have been determined before, but that was as a mage.
  If enemies emerged, she would kill them.
  If she was challenged, she would step up to the fight.
  It was a fight between two mages, and her opponent was in the wrong. Even if this could only end in death for one of them, it was an outcome both parties could accept.
  Kill or be killed.
  Morality had no weight on this scale.
  But this time was different.
  Her opponent was neither enemy nor mage. Even if she was prepared to kill them, this person was likely not ready to die.
  ...That's why morality did factor into it, now.
  Was she truly up to the task of murdering an innocent person?
  Could she swallow the fact that this was a common occurrence for a mage?
  She snorted sardonically.
  Being a mage did not mean that Aoko was some kind of monk who could cut ties with the real world on a whim.
  If there was one thing Aoko hated...
  It was doing things without conviction or an understanding of exactly why she was doing them.
  When she acted, she preferred to act decisively.
"I guess I don't have any other choice."
  As she said it, she got up from the sofa, having had her fill of the ceiling for one day.
  Aoko had returned to the Aoko of always, and Alice was done probing her.
"Take this."
  As if to reward her, Alice produced a small bottle.
  It fit neatly in the palm of her hand.
  The bottle looked completely out of place in her slender fingers.
  The glass was cloudy and it appeared empty.
  Some shreds of paper remained on the front where there was once a label.
"What's that?"
  Aoko stared at the bottle suspiciously.
"It's a storage bottle. I had one to spare, so I'm giving it to you."
"A what?"
"I forgot what it's called, but it's a thing out of a Chinese novel."
  Aoko was miraculously able to parse what Alice meant.
"Are you saying that this is the red drinking gourd from the story about the two brothers who guarded the Lotus Cave?
  Don't take this the wrong way, but it looks like your everyday medicine bottle with the label ripped off."
  Alice looked at the bottle and acknowledged how ordinary it looked.
  She also understood that she would not be the one using it as she set it on the table.
"Except this is a jade flask, not a red drinking gourd."
"That's not the problem. The problem is maintaining my dignity as a mage."
"Don't get stuck on the details. Just be happy it's not a bottle of laxatives."
"...Fine."
  She made a good point.
"Just open the lid and ask for the person's name.
  But be careful, because if the target is resistant, the bottle will shatter."
  Aoko raised her eyebrows.
"Hang on. If he's resistant, I can only use it when he's asleep, right?"
"...I've never tried it, to be honest.
  But is there anyone who responds to things in their sleep?"
"...You'd be surprised.
  But, true. People like that are rare."
  In that case, one would have to weaken them until they were about to pass out.
"Oh, I almost forgot. Drugs or magecraft will also cause the bottle to break."
"Then what good is it!?
  What won't break the damn thing?"
"A tool is only as good as the person using it."
  Alice turned away as she replied,
  as if the topic no longer mattered to her.
"...Ugh. I know you're fond of using dainty tools like this. Is it a hobby of yours or something?"
  Aoko asked, hoping Alice would deny it.
"Perhaps.
  So? Are you going to take it or leave it?"
  Without answering, Aoko dithered a bit before taking the bottle and putting it in her pocket.
  She figured she might be able to find some use for it.
  Two hours had passed and the clock struck nine.
  Their conversation had moved from the drawing room to the sunroom, and had manifested into the kind of scene one would not expect in such a mansion.
"To be honest, I didn't really want to leave it to Tobimaru like this."
  A hot earthenware pot sat on the table.
  Aoko spat out complaints to no one in particular as she plucked food from it with her chopsticks.
  Tonight they were eating a traditional Japanese meal that looked out of place in this mansion.
  When it came to the kind of Japanese hotpot where all one had to do was buy and boil ingredients, it was usually Aoko's responsibility.
  Alice sat across from Aoko as she silently poked at the pot with a fork.
"Yamasiro made it a point to say that Sizuki hadn't joined a club. It's not like I have the time or energy to keep track of every single student."
  The egg she had plucked was still as silky as a baby's bottom, so she returned it to the pot.
  She settled for the shirataki noodles instead.
"I already know that the idiot is constantly busy with his jobs.
  That's why I tried my best to set him up with a club activity captain that'd be accommodating.
But the nerve of the guy, not even a thanks.
  Are you even listening, Alice?"
  As if her mouth was full, she simply nodded in response.
  Her expression stated that she had no interest nor opinion on the matter, but she at least appeared to be listening.
  Satisfied, Aoko nibbled on some hanpen fish cake.
"I just can't trust anyone who says he's a great guy. Surprise, even Tobimaru was gushing about him.
  The only thing he's great at is being an airhead.
  ...I mean, there's really something wrong with his brain if he didn't get angry after what I said."
  Her thoughts went to what had happened in the student council room earlier that day.
  She remembered how non-responsive Soujyuro had been to her words.
  His unconcerned face alone was enough for her to swallow the rest of her hanpen without chewing it.
"I thought you would understand," he says. Hah!
  His words were a lot like those that ended her childhood.
"You know it, don't you, Aoko?
  Through it all, you never lose sight of who you are. You're so strong..."
  Perhaps it was meant as a compliment.
  But she took it as a patronizing way to pity her.
  Because the person who said it had acted like she was looking at a wounded animal.
(Whatever. Who cares what that weirdo thinks or says?)
  That episode might have made her the most confused she had ever been in her life. Yet, what shocked young Aoko the most was to look of pity on the face of the person she admired the most.
"...You fought."
"Huh?"
  The abrupt comment stopped her in her tracks.
"Sorry, what'd you say? Something about a fight?"
  Alice nodded.
"I can't say I completely understand from what you've said.
  But it does come across as if you were trying to pick a fight with him."
  Alice bit into the very last hanpen.
  Her remark was unexpected but completely on point.
"...W-why did you go there!?
  I'd rather die than spend another second with him!
I mean, seriously! Gross! I have no interest in him whatsoever!
 I'd love it if I never had to say anything about him ever again!"
"So why all the talk about him?"
"W-what...I, err...
 I was just reporting on today's investigation. Something wrong with that?"
  What other reason could Alice be suggesting Aoko had for bringing it up?
  It would be several hours later, in bed, that Aoko realized that she had dug her own grave.
"No, not really.
  But... does he really bother you that much?"
  Alice ate her hotpot in silence as if she was honoring some sort of sacred ritual.
  Her face was as indifferent as always, but she was secretly enjoying how flustered Aoko was.
  Aoko remained oblivious to this.
  Normally, she would have noticed immediately, but she was not quite herself at this moment.
"Does he really―well, of course he does. I think I've said that often enough."
"Okay. What specifically about him do you dislike?"
"Huh? I don't need a specific reason to..."
  She trailed off as she finally realized how disagreeable she was being.
(...Hrm. ...Mm?)
  She could come up with no reason why.
  Her instincts had told her that she was incompatible with that hick.
  But why such a strong reaction?
  More than anything in the world, Aoko hated emotions without reason and decisions made with no rationale.
"Ugh... I just don't like him. I'm... sure there's a good reason for it. I think."
  She became more flustered the more she talked.
  Unfortunately for her, she could not come up with a coherent reason to hate Soujyuro Sizuki.
  It was not his fault that he had zero common sense. It was the fault of the environment he grew up in.
  In fact, it was admirable that he was trying so hard to adapt to civilized society.
  As clueless as he might seem, he was not a complete waste of space.
  If he seemed a bit slow, it was only because his gentle nature compelled him to think before acting.
  When one looked at everything objectively, the conclusion was obvious.
  As much as she was loathe to admit it, he really was unassuming do-gooder everyone had him pegged as.
(I can't believe what I'm thinking. Is there really nothing wrong with him?)
  There was plenty, so she left it at that for now.
  The chopsticks she had been using came to a stop.
  She was getting very annoyed.
  An irrational hatred burned through her head.
  Unable to come to terms with her feelings, she desperately tried to analyze Soujyuro, but her mind only went in more circles.
  Alice fixed Aoko with a deadpan stare.
"...I'm shocked."
  A small sigh.
"This isn't like you, Aoko."
  Those words were the final blow.
  Aoko felt the floor fall out from under her.
  She was unable to leave her chair until long after Alice had finished eating and left.
  However...
  Even after getting knocked down, Aoko Aozaki was not one to be kept that way.
  She made short work of clearing up after dinner and, after conceding the first bath of the night to Alice, left the drawing room.
  Since it was customary in these sorts of mansions to turn the lights off when leaving an empty room, the only lit areas of the house were the drawing room and the two girls' bedrooms.
  The upstairs was enveloped in darkness.
  Aoko briskly made her way to the deepest part of the east wing along the long corridor, illuminated only by the light of the moon, and arrived at her room.
"...All being said...
  Sneak attacks make me sick to my stomach."
  She had been considering this on the way down the corridor, or perhaps ever since she left the drawing room.
  The moment she entered her room, she drew her proverbial line in the sand.
"If I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it face to face. I'll give it to him straight."
  This was not a concession driven by feelings of sympathy or compassion.
  For her, this was simply the way things ought to be.
"Okay, with that out of the way..."
  After settling her resolve, she headed to the study next door.
"Let's see, Thursday shelf, winter solstice, green spine..."
  Without hesitation, she removed one book from the countless volumes on the shelf.
  The introductory textbooks transported here from the Aozaki residence were separated into six shelves, labeled Monday to Saturday.
  Aoko had organized the books by topic, genre, and purpose, and had more or less memorized exactly what was in her personal library.
  Referencing any of this material took her no time at all.
  It was to be expected from keeper of this study.
  ...Though, this keeper's fiefdom was nothing more than a small room.
  Both Aoko and Alice had given up all hope on the cluttered mess of a library in the annex.
  Nevertheless, on occasion, Aoko would have no option other than to give Alice a heads-up and visit it when this study did not meet her needs.
"...I really hope I don't have to go over there now."
  Aoko placed the thick, green book down and took a seat.
  The desk she sat at was sturdy but uninviting.
  It wasn't the sort of furniture girls her age grew attached to, but she liked its minimalist elegance nonetheless.
  She flipped lightly through the book's old, worn pages.
(I still can't manage anything like Alice's Bounded Field.
I guess I'll just have to find a place off the beaten track.)
  The mountains?
  The woods?
  The school building, empty at night?
  She was looking for a place that would be, except for the worst of luck, void of people, allowing her to forgo the use of magecraft.
(Walls of thorns and magical mists are so indirect. If I want to cut off any route of escape, I need someplace... flashy and obvious, both in purpose and in looks.)
  Muttering about how there had to be some basic spell that fit her needs, she continued to flip through the pages.
  It goes without saying that she was looking for a way to deal with the witness from the previous night.
  Magecraft's uses were many, but not all-encompassing.
  Fundamentally, magecraft was good for making things or phenomena that existed already, while more or less bypassing the time and resources conventional means would require.
  It was, however, unable to manifest phenomena that were impossible in this world.
  It was essentially an equivalent exchange that used a variety of shortcuts.
  A phenomenon made possible by human hands, actualized by an individual's power―
  that was generally what magecraft was.
  To give a simple example, if Aoko were so inclined, she could make an entire lake appear at the mansion.
  However, it had to be something that existed within this world. Nothing, not even the smallest matter, could escape this unbreakable law.
  Even if Aoko were to release a level of heat on par with an F-15 fighter jet's afterburner, that event would only be possible if the circuit named Aoko Aozaki acted as a temporary input variable in a magical formula.
  The derived equivalence was simply a value that already occurred in reality.
  If the variable in the equation did not exist elsewhere in reality, the spell would not be valid.
  The imaginary element known as magical energy was like a lie that could only slip its fantasy through the network of order at the moment of ignition.
  Giving form to the nonexistent--illusions invading reality--was something the universe did not allow.
(Still, what was it? You can combine the imaginary factor--Ether--with pretty much anything else since it's not real itself...?
  Anything composed entirely of magical energy is little more than an illusion and will quickly dissipate. Even a typical field, like a wall of thorns, generally starts with the user planting the thorns first before using magical energy to grow and strengthen them in an instant.
  In the end, magical energy is just an easy-to-use fuel source, while acting as a firework that ignites a phenomenon.)
"...Or so they say.
  Imaginary factors are all well and good, but all I can do is connect a basic circuit, and process energy into a projectile."
  Laughing to herself, she looked for a Bounded Field or something similar more suited to her current ability.
  The identity of the witness was still unknown, but if they were a classmate of Aoko's, she had any number of pretexts by which to lure them out.
  The problem was after that.
(Then it becomes a question of precision. If I don't take care of him in one blow, he might slip away.)
  To be honest, she wasn't confident she could handle this smoothly without Alice's support.
  But Aoko saw no reason to ask for help given that the target in question was a regular bystander.
  Fledgling as she was, she still had her pride as a mage.
  She continued to turn through the pages rhythmically.
  In the midst of the fluttering sound of thumbing through the volume, Aoko suddenly stopped her finger at a certain page.
"Found it."
  She smiled to herself.
  It was a simple formula that she had tucked away somewhere in the recesses of her memory. A spell of simple destruction.
(...A cage. That's all I need to make.
  It's the oldest trick in the book that any hunter worth their salt would use.)
  She placed a bookmark in the book, closed it, and got up to return to her room.
  Suddenly she felt someone watching her.
  Through the window, she saw her in the night―a girl, staring back with a coldhearted expression.
  The girl's face was hers, the expression undoubtedly her own.
  ...She began planning how to erase the witness.
  Though to say it was something as elaborate as a plan was overkill.
  This was just a job.
  She was going to make a cage and then lure her prey into it.
  There was no getting around it―premeditated violence.
"I wonder if Alice is done with her bath."
  She mumbled out loud, as if the bath would return some warmth to her chilled heart.
  About twenty minutes had passed since she gave Alice the privilege of using the hot water first.
  Alice tended to bathe quickly, finishing well under ten minutes.
  Her roommate was the type that could not understand the spirit of the bath, treating it as nothing more than a necessity for looking after one's body.
  For Alice, the concept of staying at a hot spring inn sounded more like a chore than anything, though in this regard Aoko had to agree.
"I guess it's my time to... Huh? Is that the drawing room light on?"
  It was unusual for Alice to sit in the drawing room after her bath.
  On nights when she had nothing to discuss, it was her style to return directly to her bedroom.
"Alice, are you in here?"
"..."
  Alice nodded.
  With no book in hand, it appeared that Alice had been waiting for Aoko.
(So that's how it is. She really has no faith in me, does she?)
  Aoko scratched her head in exasperation.
  Was it that Alice was worried about her, or had no faith in her?
  Her expression was so calm Aoko could hardly figure what she was thinking.
"I have a plan. Wanna hear it?"
"...I can tell what it is by the look on your face.
  It's good that you're no longer wavering, but...you must do something about that tell of yours, Aoko."
  Alice let out a small sigh.
  It was unusual for Alice to make such a display of her disappointment.
"I don't like sneaky attacks, so I'm going to do it fairly, and only after I've told him why straight to his face.
  That way there will be absolutely no trouble later. Any complaints?"
"Why would I have any? This is really only a matter of personal preference, after all.
  However..."
"You're worried that I'll mess up, right? My accuracy hasn't exactly been stellar lately, so I was thinking about how to cover my bases with the location.
  I can't throw up a field like you, so I was thinking of doing it somewhere where he physically can't escape. Any ideas?"
  Alice nodded in thought.
  The finger that gently rested on her lips indicated that the question was to her liking.
"What about mirrors? You could easily seal him in the house of mirrors for all eternity."
"...Seriously? That's your idea?"
  She frowned at Alice's bad taste.
  It was the kind of idea her roommate found to be inspired, but Aoko knew was out of the question.
  Aoko was looking for a natural Bounded Field she could prepare, not a realm bordering on True Magic that she couldn't create to begin with.
"Then you'll choose otherwise, I suppose. But please, whatever you do, do not bring him here."
"You don't need to tell me that.
  But, actually... Yeah.
  A house of mirrors might actually work."
  Aoko smirked and shifted her balance away from the wall she was resting on.
"Thanks, Alice. I just figured out the whole plan.
I guess it's always best to talk to someone when you're in a bind."
  Now in a good mood, Aoko retreated from the drawing room.
  Alice tried and failed to visualize what kind of blueprint Aoko had drawn up in her mind, but whatever it was, it appeared to be the thorough kind Aoko was good at.
"..."
  Aoko headed for the bathroom, humming to herself as she went.
  A year and a half of sharing a living space had taught Alice something:
  When Aoko Aozaki was in this good of a mood, only deep trouble could follow.
"Hm? You want to know if I'm okay with letting Aoko handle this on her own?"
  It was unclear how long the bird had been in the drawing room.
  Chirping at Alice, the... robin-like bird pranced across the furniture as if it were its property. 
"...Yes, I suppose. She said that she wanted to do it alone, and I do want her to know she has my every faith. Still..."
  The girl in black raised her arm.
  The bird, chirping once again, alighted on her outstretched, affectionate finger.
"Suffice to say...
Trust and faith are two very different things."
  The bird puffed out its stout chest in agreement.
  And Aoko was none the wiser to her roommate's rather unsettling comments.
  The following day was a typically overcast one.
  The day's classes ended as they had started: uneventfully.
  Winter break was just around the corner, and with it, final exams.
  Although Misaki High prided itself on discipline, it was still a private school which promoted a culture of independence among its students.
  Industrious students had a place to explore that side of themselves under the guardianship of the student council president.
  More easygoing students could spend their time after school as they wished, as long as they were mindful of personal responsibility.
  The fact that the poster boy of independence was the student council vice president indicated just how vast the spectrum was.
"Aozaki, you in here?"
  Tobimaru Tsukiji threw open the door to the satellite student council room, the rumored location for their secret meetings.
  Despite all appearances, he was the student council vice president, who also happened to be the poor soul responsible for executing the student council's dirty work.
  One person was waiting for him in the cramped room.
  The student council president, Aoko Aozaki, sat imperiously in a folding chair, glaring at Tobimaru and his boisterous entrance.
"This room is freezing, as usual.
  We really need to buy a heater."
  So as not to succumb to Aoko's oppressive silence, Tobimaru opened with some casual small talk.
"Thank you for coming. Let's get down to business. Do you know why I've asked you here?"
"I have an idea. What's up with the formality, Aozaki?
  Pretty cold to talk shop right away all the time, you know?"
  Tobimaru closed the door and sat down across from Aoko.
  He was holding a blue envelope.
"Yeah, and loose lips sink ships.
  Might remember that once you get out into the real world."
"All right, I'll remem―wait a sec. Nice try."
  Tobimaru was halfway to agreeing with Aoko before he caught himself and began to shake his head.
  As much as Tobimaru enjoyed the lack of red tape in his new line of work, he was not ready to turn full spy on his first day on the job.
"So then. Are you done with your investigation?"
"Yeah. I finished the last interview just now.
  The details are in the envelope along with the file you gave me."
  He tossed the envelope onto the table.
"Good."
  Aoko picked it up and began to scan through the documents that were inside.
  She entered her own little world, not sparing the slightest bit of attention for Tobimaru.
  If ignoring other people were a skill, she would be a master at it.
"...Ahem."
"What?"
"I just wanted to ask one thing."
"Yeah, and?"
  The room was filled with a chilling silence.
  Aoko continued reading without an ounce of emotion upon her face.
  Though Tobimaru kept up an air of indifference, his stare remained fixed intently on her.
"Do you get a kick out of doing this kind of thing, Aozaki?"
"Of course not. What's so fun about gathering intel I hardly even get to use?"
"Riiight. Just wanted to check."
  Whether or not he was convinced, Tobimaru stood up from his chair with a disappointed expression.
"You'll figure this out just by reading it all, but I wasn't able to dig up anything conclusive.
By all indications, that there weren't any students in the area the day before yesterday. It's not like I can say that for sure, though."
  No longer concerned over his task, Tobimaru headed toward the door,
  as if to say it was out of his hands.
"...Oh, and one more thing.
  There was one student that wasn't included in your dragnet. You forgot to include any out-of-term transfers."
  Aoko raised her head ever so slightly.
  He was right. The recent transfer student was not included within the scope of her investigation.
"So I haven't looked at Sono-G.
  Though, considering it's him, it's safe to assume that he was working late. Or, wait, it would be if he hadn't have mentioned something about... seeing a murder or whatever. I told him that it was probably just a bad dream."
  Tobimaru cheerfully left the student council room.
"...What?"
  Simultaneously, Aoko felt her fingers go numb,
  and the documents she was holding spilled all over the table.
"It can't be. That's not possible..."
  She broke out into a cold sweat and tried to tell herself that there must be some kind of mistake.
  However, the uncomfortable feeling in her gut would simply not go away. Perhaps because her intuition was almost always right at times like these.
"...You gotta be kidding me."
  And yet, she knew what she had to do.
  She would not have hesitated to kill Tobimaru if he had been the witness.
  But what if it was who she was thinking of?
  Just considering the possibility caused her blood to run cold.
  Aoko put her forehead in her hands and began to brood.
  And then, suddenly―
"Let us talk choice. You will always be faced with choices.
  A virtuous fool and a wicked sage. You cannot save both. You must pick one. That is the freedom granted to you."
  Two years earlier.
  Aoko muttered the words offered by her grandfather the day she replaced her elder sister as his successor, and let out a sigh of lament.
"...This has to be a joke."
  She laughed at her own intuition.
  But it was no joke.
 If only those words had never been said.
  Aoko locked up the student council room and left for the day.
  Calmly, as though nothing untoward had happened, she greeted the students as they passed her in the halls. She was almost shocked by how natural she seemed.
  There were still plenty of students at the school.
  The grounds were noisy with the chattering of students who had finished the day but had yet to head home. Others still had club activities.
  The gray sky looked ready to pour, but nobody seemed to pay it any mind.
  Amidst the clamor, Aoko hastened to the school gate.
  She passed by some students in animated conversation.
  They seemed to be talking about their after-school plans.
Apparently, they were adamant about maximizing their free time.
  She could not figure how they could possibly be so irresponsibly focused on fun, but at the same time was in no mood to make fun of or feel envious of them.
  Two short years prior, she had been just like them.
(I wonder if I'm becoming desensitized to it all.)
  She re-tied her scarf, this time more tightly, to give off an air of solitude, but she was fooling no one.
  After all, what people who feign solitude are really masking is rejection.
(Solitude, rejection... They're two sides of the same coin.)
  The area by the school gate was busier than usual.
  A group of boys appeared to be huddled behind it.
  Their transparent attempt to be discreet in terms of both location and loudness of voices did nothing to hide the fact that they were noisily arguing about a girl standing alone on the other side of the street.
  The girl was cloaked in a black cape.
  At first glance it could have been mistaken for normal attire, but those from Misaki could tell that she wore the uniform of a prestigious girls' school.
  Said school had no connection to Misaki High in any way, shape, or form. The two schools were miles apart both physically and spiritually.
  A member of that school's student body was a rare sighting, as the majority were forced to live in the school dorm.
  Reien Girls Academy had a reputation as a school for princesses, and it was rare indeed for one to be slumming with the common folk.
  That alone would have been enough to cause the ruckus among the boys, but this girl looked the epitome of class.
  One could not help but describe the standing figure as charming.
  The way she silently, motionlessly waited was reminiscent of a meticulously composed portrait.
  Aoko took one look at her before instantly recalling that one word: solitude.
(Okay you lamebrains, don't you have anywhere better to be?)
  Disgusted, Aoko barged through the gate.
  At this point she would normally head home, but today, she crossed the street toward the waiting girl.
"Oh crap! Is that the student council president?!"
"Damn it, she's trying to chase her away! ...Let the girl be! She has a right to stand there if she wants to!"
"She's gonna go nuclear! The president versus the angel!"
"What gives, man? Who cares if she's from another school! She's not even on school property...right? Right guys?"
"Don't mess with Madam Aoko. You're just asking to be smacked."
"...Hah."
  The boys ran their mouths behind her back.
  Not in the mood to shut them up, Aoko walked right up to the girl and offered an informal wave.
"Something the matter, Alice? I told you before, there's nothing of interest for you here."
"For real!?"
  Aoko heard the boys by the gate lose their collective minds, and did her best to ignore them.
"I wanted to be sure, but―
Aoko?
  Those people are a nuisance."
"You think? I'll chase them off."
  In contrast to Alice's small voice, Aoko spoke loud and clear.
  Naturally, this was on purpose, so as to deal with the riffraff by the gate all at once.
"Crap, she's coming this way!"
"Hey, stop pushing me! Move it! I'm out!"
"But... doesn't it look like they're tight? Maybe we could get the prez to introduce us."
"Hahaha. Rookie mistake. You still haven't experienced the realities of the battlefield. On second thought, don't let dreams be dreams. It's your funeral."
  Perhaps because too many of them had gathered in one place, the mob entered a frenzied panic as they tried to escape.
Aoko addressed them all.
"Well, well, well, what do we have here? If it isn't the Go Home Early Club? Would you mind telling me what you're all doing gathered in a place like this with no club activities to attend?"
"Eeeep!"
  The student council president stared daggers at the boys.
"In any case, exams are coming up.
  It sure would be horrible if, instead of going home to study, you were loitering around just to ogle another school's student, now wouldn't it?
  It's not like a single one of you had the guts to even go up to her and say something."
  Not one of them was brave enough to admit that this hit the nail on the head. If any of them had such courage, they would have already been chatting the young lady up.
"Uh... I think I forgot something in the classroom."
"If I had known it was going to end like this, I would have at least gone down trying."
"What if we go borrow binoculars from the Astronomy Club? I'm sure we could get a good view from the roof."
"The Astronomy Club doesn't have binoculars, dummy! If anyone does, it would be the Wild Bird Society."
"Haha! The prez destroyed those last month! If you have enough time for bird-watching, you have enough time to find a girlfriend, chicken."
"Hahaha. Find a girlfriend? ...S-Sorry, 'Zaki, I'm gonna cut out through the back exit."
"I gotta jet, too! Later, prez! See ya tomorrow!"
  And with those oh-so-charming remarks, the boys scattered with their tails between their legs.
"You seem to be enjoying yourself, Aoko."
"How could you tell?"
  Aoko's response slipped out all too easily.
  In truth, there were not that many bad apples at Misaki High, and dealing with them wasn't really that bad.
"...So?
  What brings you down here? Did you find something out?"
"I identified traces of the witness from within the field. All we need to do now is put a name to them."
"I see. ...Alice, how long have you been waiting here?"
"Since school was dismissed."
  So she had been here for roughly an hour.
  Standing in the same place for an hour would be taxing for someone as sensitive to the cold as Alice.
"I'm sorry. If you would have told me..."
"...Don't be. I'm just doing it because I wanted to."
  As she spoke, her black eyes were fixed upon the gate and the students passing through it.
  She had likely been observing the gate in this manner for the past hour.
"You're weren't waiting for me, were you? ...Well I'm here now anyway so we can go."
  Alice nodded in assent.
  If Alice was still here, it meant she had not found the witness yet.
  If she had found this student, Alice would have already gone home ahead of Aoko and begun to research the student's background.
"Nothing came up on my end."
  She reported the results of Tobimaru's investigation. Alice remained silent.
  With that the conversation ended, leaving the two to silently endure the freezing wind.
  ...The silent stakeout dragged on endlessly.
  Students continued to pass the gate, each shocked at the sight of the unusual combo, and head home.
  After twenty minutes Aoko let a sigh escape her mouth, perhaps from boredom, perhaps from the cold, or perhaps from both.
"Hey, on our way home, do you want to drop by Dawn?"
  Aoko quickly turned to Alice to catch her reaction.
  Dawn was the name of one of Aoko's favorite coffee shops.
"..."
  Offering no clear indication as to whether she was critical of Aoko's blasé attitude or agreeing to her whims, Alice's gaze shifted ever so slightly.
  Aoko followed her stare...
"Hey, Aozaki. Are you meeting someone here, too?"
  The sudden voice took her off guard.
  There was only one person who spoke with this gentle, good-natured tone.
"...Of course it'd be him."
  Turning her back to Alice, Aoko moved her focus to the newly appeared student.
"Can I help you with something?"
  All politeness flew out the window.
  Already in a bad mood, Aoko's mood plummeted the longer she looked at Soujyuro.
  The subtlety of her expression, however, was lost on him.
"No thanks, I was just on my way to the station to meet the swimming club captain, and I wanted to say thanks."
"Hmm?"
  Well, that was completely unexpected.
  Thanks... Joining a club...
  Aoko had a hunch that he was about to say something brainless.
"...And by 'thanks' you mean 'payback,' right?"
"?"
  Fortunately, Soujyuro was completely unaware of the more sinister implications to the word "payback."
"I'm not sure what you mean by that, but it's no big deal.
  It's just that the swimming club captain said that the club doesn't get that busy until summer."
  Soujyuro was just about to thank her for recommending a club that would not take up much of his time, when Aoko cut him off with an expression of disinterest.
"Well of course. I couldn't very well introduce you to a club that I knew you would never turn up to. All I did was mention some that even someone as busy as you could join."
"I see. Very efficient."
  His open admiration for her sapped Aoko's will to fight.
  Finding a suitable club and negotiating with its captain hadn't been an efficient use of her time at all.
"Anyway, you really helped me out.
  I just wanted to say thanks."
  Soujyuro gratefully dipped his head, but not before the flustered Aoko stopped him.
"Gimme a break. You're just going to give me a headache if you do that.
  ...
 So. How's the swimming club? Does it seem like a good fit?"
  An awkwardness infiltrated her previously sharp gaze.
  Soujyuro was able to pick up on the odd change in her behavior, but could not divine its reason.
  So he simply started with what he knew so far and reported the most recent information he had.
"Oh, I got kicked out of the club already."
"W-
 WHAT!? Why!?"
  Aoko instinctively shouted at the unexpected response.
  Like a human jack-in-the-box.
  This unexpected development threw her mind in a tizzy, and she momentarily forgot the complicated feelings she had been wrestling with.
"B-B-But you just said that you were on your way to meet the captain!"
"Yeah, the captain's taking me to a heated pool in Yashirogi."
  Soujyuro stated this very matter-of-factly to the still-reeling Aoko.
"...I'm not following. Things seem to be going fine. Why would they kick you out!?"
"Oh, that's easy. Because I can't swim."
"..."
  Aoko reached up with her fingers and pinched the bridge of her nose as she processed his answer.
"Sizuki, do you remember my question from yesterday? The one where I asked whether you preferred running or swimming?
  I'm confident that I remember your answer, but please repeat it to me.
  You said you preferred 'swimming.' Right?"
"Yeah. Since I was little, I've always wanted to learn, and I'm already really good at running, so..."
  Her energy spent, Aoko finally understood.
"Apparently, they would have taken me in and trained me from square one if I were in my first year.
  Sadly, it sounds like they can't recruit a second-year like me who sinks like a rock, especially with only three months left in the school year.
  But the captain was really nice about it and even offered to teach me how to swim."
  Soujyuro's words were spoken from a place of joy, a fact that failed to reach Aoko.
(Hah... So in other words, I tried to palm off defective goods. I'll never be able to show my face to the swimming club captain again.
 Wait, but isn't the captain a...)
"Sizuki, the swimming club captain is..."
  She stopped herself short of, "a girl."
  She was afraid of how that might look, that she might not be able to rein herself in if she started.
"...You know what? It doesn't matter. I understand now, so you can just go. Far, far from here, 'kay? I just can't deal with you right now."
"Tobimaru said the same thing, come to think of it. He said that you were unusually tired yesterday and today. Did something happen?"
"Kind of. But it's fine. It seems to have resolved itself.
  Anyway... How do I look to you, Sizuki? Do I really look that exhausted?"
  Why had she asked him this?
  Blurting out things for no reason and on impulse...
  This was not usual for Aoko.
  Perhaps it was because she realized that this would be their last chance to have a normal conversation.
  After a few moments of contemplation, Soujyuro conjured up a grin that cut straight through the tension.
"Well, I would say you look more lively than you do tired. Like a wolf that's been forced to plow fields for a long time, but is excited to finally go on a hunt again."
  He seemed so cheerful.
  Like he was so happy for her.
"..."
  Without thinking, Aoko's hands went to her cheeks.
  If what he said were true, then she was grinning from ear to ear.
  There was just no way she would have made such a mistake.
"Anyway, thanks again! See you tomorrow."
  Perhaps still not comfortable enough to wave to her, he said his goodbye with sincerity in his voice and smile, and took his leave.
"Wait. I have a question for you. Then you can go."
  Aoko called out after him.
  Her voice was cold as she admonished herself for having been somewhat affable earlier.
"Yeah?"
"This is just a hypothetical question.
  Let's say you're on the brink of starvation and right in front of you are two animals, also starving.
  Someone gives you a gun and tells you to shoot one of them.
  The one on the right is a lion. The one on the left is a kitten. What do you do?"
  It was a fable-like moral dilemma,
  especially the way in which it  was cruel and rather preachy.
  The kind that if you thought too hard about, you would never find an answer.
  Soujyuro answered quickly and calmly.
"I don't think I'd shoot at all. You asked me what I'd do, right? And, come on, all three of us are starving."
  He was not in the least fazed by the dilemma.
  He gave the most innocent response. So innocent, in fact, that it would give anyone pause.
"...You're going to live a long life, Sizuki."
"Whoa, you think so? I think that's the first time anyone has ever said that to me."
  Adorning his face was a smile wholly out of sync with his comment.
"...What the heck is that supposed to mean?"
  She regretted stopping him.
  If only she had just watched him go, this conversation would have never happened.
  Soujyuro Sizuki made his way down the sloped street.
  Today, just like every day, he probably had to work late again.
  Only Aoko and Alice remained, with Alice doing what she could to simply blend in.
"That harmless hick really throws me for a loop."
  Aoko clenched her right fist tightly as she cursed out loud.
  Anything to prevent herself from screaming at the top of her lungs.
  ...Whether that scream would be directed toward Soujyuro or toward herself was another matter entirely.
"Aoko."
  Aoko heard Alice's soft voice behind her. Aoko knew what she was going to say, as she had known for the entire time.
  Ever since Alice, having shown no reaction to any of the other students, changed her expression upon seeing Soujyuro.
"You don't need to say it. It's him, right? The witness."
  Her voice was cold as ice.
  It was the voice of someone talking about a complete stranger.
  ...The lion and the kitten.
  There were pros and cons to choosing either of these animals, the point being that she had asked him to choose one of them.
  In terms of risk, the lion was the more dangerous choice. The instant the gun was pointed at it there was the chance it would fight back.
  Those who chose the lion required more courage, but any sense of guilt that came with holding a gun would be forgotten.
  Lions were fierce creatures―a poor excuse to shoot an animal, perhaps, but one that certainly helped alleviate the guilt.
  But what about the kitten―the weaker creature?
  It goes without saying that the kitten would be the easier target of the two, but choosing it would be a disquieting decision for anyone.
  Even if the kitten had no chance to survive, it was still too senseless to carry out.
  And to Aoko, Soujyuro was that choice.
(...I knew it was him, too.)
  When she had felt that sinking feeling in the student council room, she ignored it; there was no getting around what must be done, she told herself.
Until, that is, Soujyuro went and said what he did, causing her resolve to waver.
  But the discomfort in her chest did not stem from any guilt she may have felt.
  She could care less for Soujyuro; he was weak, and would be incredibly easy to deal with.
  Yet, for some reason she could not dispel her reservations.
  A transfer student who moved to the city from the middle of nowhere, with no family to speak of...
  Few would notice if he were to suddenly disappear compared to a person of some renown. 
  If she were to kill him, it would be as simple as wringing a cat's neck.
  And it all served to just piss her off.
  It was too lucky. Like everything was neatly handed to her. She wanted to just dropkick it right into orbit.
"I can't believe it. I hate it. This isn't how it's supposed to be.
  ...Why am I like this?"
  Standing behind her, Alice heard all of the muttering.
  Nevertheless, she seemed ignore it and said,
"He had something wrapped around his neck."
  A wholly unrelated topic.
  Aoko returned to her senses.
"...His neck?"
"...Yes. I wonder if it had something to do with being rejected by the swimming club."
  Alice had put much thought into this, as if it had a deeper meaning to her somehow.
"Now that you mention it... I saw him wearing the same thing the first time we met. I must have missed it because he always has his collar done up."
  The conversation turned to idle nonsense. 
  And though it solved none of her current problems, it did help calm Aoko's frazzled nerves.
"...Thanks, Alice. I'm good.
  I'm ready to go.
  Let's strike while the iron's hot and end this before he spreads any rumors."
  Pumped once more, Aoko turned her back to the school gate.
  For now, they would retire to the mansion and prepare for battle.
"...Sure, but when and where do you plan to kill him?"
  She said quietly so as not to be overheard by anyone else.
  Normally, Aoko had to rein in that side of Alice, out in the open as they were. But this was far from a normal situation.
"Tonight. As for the place... We shall meet him in the land of dreams."
  She gave a fearless laugh.
  A strangely pleasant sound, like the kind one would make when meeting their lover.
  Soujyuro returned to his apartment on foot as per routine, under a blanket of clouds in the night sky.
  The rusty stairs of his apartment building clanged with each step.
  Out of the corner of his eye, he could see the bicycles parked by the apartment building's outer wall.
  He debated the pros and cons of a bicycle―how much easier life would be versus the expense, the convenience versus the necessity―but in the end, decided one was not right for him just now.
  Clutching the bag of apples under his arm, he took out the key to his residence.
          "A bike sure would be convenient, but it's not like..."
  He tilted his head in confusion.
  More and more he found himself preoccupied with such random thoughts, when the real issue at hand was deciding what to do with the apples he had received.
  He placed the paper bag by the sink and switched on the lights.
  It was just after ten in the evening.
  With the end-of-term exams just around the corner, he had come home an hour earlier than usual.
  As he made back for the kitchen to pick one of the apples to snack on, he found an envelope stuffed in his mail slot.
  The envelope had no name, return address, or stamp.
  Inside was a single piece of paper that had only the sender's name and a short message.
  It read:
"There is something we need to talk about tonight.
  It's important, so I'll be waiting.
  Needless to say, keep this a secret."
  A concise set of orders, neatly written.
  It was signed Aoko Aozaki.
  She had been considerate enough to enclose a detailed map of the meeting place.
  Puzzled, he cocked his head to the side then headed out the door.
  Afterward...
  Upon the room's sole tenant leaving the premises, the envelope burst into flames and evaporated without a trace, as though it had never existed in the first place.
  By the late '80s, Japan's postwar economic boom had somewhat stabilized and the city experienced a period of steady growth.
  The city's modernization marched on, and the Japan Railways train station, a symbol of the new era, neared completion.
  In Misaki's neighboring town of Yashirogi, a new symbol of its own was about to be born.
  Yashirogi Bread & Kitsy Land.
  It was Misaki's worst investment.
  Years later, it would be dubbed the fool's gold of the economic bubble, a relic of a bygone age.
"This city lacks aspiration and sophistication."
  Ten years ago...
  Yashirogi's renowned Tokitsu Baking Company ran factories all across the nation. Its proprietor was a middle-aged gentleman (then age fifty-six) by the name of Yurihiko Tokitsu, known affectionately by most as Toppan. He took it upon himself to begin development on an estate on the outskirts of Yashirogi and broke ground on a recreational wonderland that he hoped to be the pride of Misaki City.
  The long-awaited opening came in 1981.
  After three years of investment, this local amusement park, full of all kinds of hopes and dreams, began its short-lived tenure.
  It covered more than eighty-five square acres.
  Its magnificent merry-go-round dazzled all who passed through the park's gates.
  Its roller coaster twisted and turned about the edges of the park like a writhing Japanese dragon.
  Its Ferris wheel, packed beyond necessity with gimmicks, was said to have tested the limits of modern engineering.
"It's perfect, infused with everything an amusement park could ever need."
  Old Yurihiko looked upon his creation and smiled.
  Only boosting his confidence was the fact that its grand opening was staged during a period of prosperity, the springtime of the world.
  But...
  In spite of this.
  They splendidly miscalculated the balance between aspirations and sophistication.
  Its mascot, Kitsy, was poorly designed and appeared like a cheap knockoff.
  The park was stuffed to the brim with bread stands.
  Even its impossible-to-navigate mirror maze seemed out of date from the start.
"There are no dreams to be had at Kitsy Land.
  Only nightmarish satire."
  Numerous trade magazines lambasted Kitsy Land's shortcomings, and customer attendance declined.
  There was even an incident where a six-year-old strayed from his mother, had an accident, and nearly died.
  1986, five years after the park opened.
  The situation had grown from bad to worse, and the park was hemorrhaging money.
  On top of everything, Yurihiko, who had bet everything on the success of mascot Kitsy, retired, and Kitsy Land's operations were officially in trouble.
  And thus, amidst the scorn of nearly all residents of the area, ended Misaki City's one and only amusement park.
  What's more...
  Perhaps best described as a footnote to this debacle, the (self-proclaimed) Parisian artist who designed the mascot, Toki Julich, was said to have snapped his brush in mourning over the closure of the park.
  Returning to the present...
  It was midnight, and the Kitsy Land of today was a shadow of its former glory.
  Like a doll abandoned in the corner of a toy box, the lonely park was illuminated only by the light of the town that continued to live around it.
"So that's what happened."
  Soujyuro closed the Yashirogi guidebook that he had picked up on the way here.
  The story of its history was almost difficult to believe, but he supposed this was what people referred to as entropy.
  The park's front gate was unlocked.
  When he worked here the previous time, the iron fence was locked shut with a rusty chain, but the chain was nowhere to be seen and the gate left ajar.
"..."
  Following the map drawn in the letter, Soujyuro quickly made his way inside.
"...It sounded urgent, but to meet this late at night? What in the world could she want?"
  Soujyuro complained, quite out of character for him.
  It was probably because, in spite of his naivety, even he knew that something was amiss.
  Though the park was abandoned, this was still trespassing.
  Unlawful entry, larceny, burglary...
These were certainly not things, or perhaps crimes, that Soujyuro was proud to do, but...
"...Sorry, I can't pay you any money.
  I'm really sorry for coming in for free."
  Money, apparently, was why his conscience was gnawing at him.
  He clapped his hands in apology toward the statue of Kitsy, on whose eyes the paint had begun to aptly dissolve.
  Soujyuro passed the mascot bleeding red paint from its eye sockets and began to walk the night park.
  The buildings' colors had faded.
  The collection of machines was rusted.
  The man-made residents no longer felt the passage of time.
  Even the ghosts themselves could not endure the disparity between this forsaken place and its previous grand stature.
  It was like a fossilized dream.
  These were the ruins of a paradise both created and abandoned by man and reality.
  The economy had stabilized,
  and the standard of living was on the rise. Nobody was overly concerned with the future. These were the remains of a wild and exciting era.
"..."
  His breath turning to white wisps before him, Soujyuro continued through the abandoned amusement park.
  Though void of human presence, this was not nearly as frightening as the darkness deep in the mountains.
  City suburbs can take many different forms, but Kitsy Land was unusual for an amusement park insomuch as it had been built adjacent to a residential district.
  The park was surrounded by a forest, but even that, ultimately, was man-made. It was no different from the curtains on a classroom window.
  If he were to scale the iron fence encircling Kitsy Land and break through the twenty yards of afforested trees, he could make it back to the familiar townscape.
  Though the amusement park tended to arouse dread in the city folk, to Soujyuro it was little different from the commotion and terror of downtown.
"Just so you know, this is going to be pretty tough for you."
  Aoko warned Soujyuro, moving as fast as she could without her footfalls causing a din of noise.
  Soujyuro remained near the center of the spiral maze on the second floor.
"I'll let you in on a secret: I have another trap up my sleeve.
  I think I might have gone overboard with this one, but when you didn't show up on time, I just couldn't help myself."
"A trap? For me?"
  Soujyuro tilted his head like a squirrel as Aoko freely discussed the final ace up her sleeve.
"I engraved an ignition formula into the support pillars in the basement. If I ignite the central pillar, it will start a chain reaction that will ignite the rest.
  I made it before that thing started jamming me, so if I infuse it with a bit of magical energy, it'll go boom."
"..."
  Soujyuro was a little unsettled by how unclear that last bit was.
"...Aozaki, could you, um, clarify? I want to know how much you were going to blow me up. Please be honest.
  Also, did I make a mistake agreeing to team up with you?"
"Don't be silly. It was just an... insurance policy. Yeah.
  I just thought that if I lost sight of you at any point, I could blow the whole building and you with it."
  It was her policy to be thorough to a fault, after all. She laughed, embarrassed to hear herself say it aloud.
"Don't you think that's overkill!?"
  Faced with Aoko's cruelty, Soujyuro forgot about the situation at hand and protested from the bottom of his heart.
"...Stop complaining. At least now we have a way to fight back."
  She shot back.
  Aoko dashed down the corridor mumbling things that probably would have sent Soujyuro packing if he heard them.
  The strategy was simple.
  Aoko would use the escape route to the right and avoid the puppet while making her way down to the basement.
  Upon reaching the central pillar, she would infuse the formula she had prepared with magical energy and escape.
  Once ignited, it would take about a minute for the chain reaction to spread throughout the whole house of mirrors, and another minute for the building to collapse.
  ...She would be cutting it a little close, but because she had committed the maze to memory, she was sure she could make it out in time.
  Aoko assumed that the chain reaction caused by the pillar would clear the barrier that the puppet had placed at the entrance.
  And even if it was strong enough to withstand the blast, it would not be able to stay standing once the foundations buckled. Soujyuro's escape was assured as long as the formula in the basement was activated.
  Next came the most important part.
  The automaton was at a disadvantage in the obstacle-laden house of mirrors and was unable to move at full speed.
  If it was near the center of the second floor when the building collapsed, it would be caught up and crushed by it.
  So the problem was keeping the puppet on the second floor until Aoko could make it down to the basement.
"...I'm counting on you, Sizuki.
  I just need you to keep it occupied for three minutes."
  Ideally, he would be able to keep it busy until she could activate the formula.
  If that failed to work, him luring it down to the first floor would be the next best thing.
  She understood perfectly well the danger she was putting Soujyuro in, but his lucky streak and running speed were nothing to scoff at.
"As long as all he has to do is run, then maybe...just maybe...
  Just maybe... he can actually pull this off."
  Aoko made her way through the hidden passage of the maze, her hopes pinned on Soujyuro.
  Meanwhile...
  Well out of earshot, Soujyuro was readying himself for another desperate chase.
  He calmed his beating heart using a method of his own making.
  What mattered most was that he remained calm. The plan was simple enough,
  and Aoko's orders were succinct and easy to understand.
"Keep a distance of around thirty feet and weave through the corridors as slowly as you can three or four times.
  Count the mirrors as you move to locate the hidden passages. From here, they are on the sixth, third, seventh, and second mirrors counterclockwise. Use those, and you should be relatively safe."
  It was essentially a looping marathon.
  As long as Soujyuro kept just enough distance from the puppet's extended arm to allow her to track him, she could continue to chase him indefinitely.
  Simple though the task was, Soujyuro was putting his life on the line as bait.
  And then there was the final order to run as fast as he could to the exit when the building began to sway.
"This is more than just a little tough..."
  He nervously stuck his head out from around the corner.
  He could hear the sound of the music box from the other side of the corridor.
  First he had to make eye contact with it, then head through the shortcut on the right and begin their game of tag.
"...!"
  He spotted it and braced himself.
  Closer... Closer...
  Fearing that her arm could fly at him at any moment, he went over Aoko's instructions in his head.
"...Wait."
  However...
  He could not quite remember which pane led to the first hidden passage.
  The third? The sixth? The ninth...?
"..."
  No...
  He was sure that was mistaken...
  He was confident he had it memorized moments ago, but his nerves had gotten the best of him, and his head was now spinning.
  ...Then.
  Soujyuro realized that the sound of his pursuer was beginning to grow distant.
  And at an incredible speed.
"...What's it doing now?"
  The unusual silhouette of the puppet astonished him.
  Before it had taken the form of a beautiful girl,
  but now it made a bizarre transformation,
  and returned to the first floor to pursue her primary target.
"Oh... This isn't the plan."
  Soujyuro was no longer sure what to do.
  Before he'd even had time to mourn his failure, the puppet had vanished out of sight.
"I'll help, so let me go."
  Or so he had said, but now he could not follow through.
"...So, what am I supposed to do now?"
  Alone, he tilted his head in frustration.
  He spoke into the darkness as if Aoko would be there to answer him.
  Meanwhile, downstairs...
 As soon as she arrived on the first floor, Aoko understood what had transpired above her.
  She did not even have to strain her ears to hear the puppet.
  Even during its heyday, this attraction had never made sounds like the one she heard coming toward her now.
  It was the sound of despair, as if a horde of monstrous hedgehogs were scraping their way past the mirrors in her direction.
"...That ditz. Three minutes? He couldn't even last ten seconds."
  Rather than buying her time, Soujyuro had instead stolen hers.
  He had one job―to run away, that was all! She cursed him under her breath.
"Multiple footsteps...so it's switched from bipedal to multi-leg form?"
  The echoes made it sound like dozens of feet were approaching.
  Aoko's mind conjured an image of a giant, six-legged spider tearing its way down the corridor.
  It was little wonder that it was so much faster than before.
  Its perception of its surroundings through echolocation was of particular use in the dark.
  Compared to sight-dependent humans, this automaton was far better equipped to navigate its way through the labyrinth of mirrors.
  If it could not keep pace earlier, that had been because its bipedal mode made it less maneuverable.
  Now, the stability provided by multiple legs gave it a speed that far exceeded that of any human.
(What now? What now!?)
  Her thoughts spun out as she tried to come up with a Plan B.
  All she knew for sure was that this was a pivotal moment.
  If she continued standing still, she had seconds left at most.
  Even in her current state, she knew she could easily neutralize the Bounded Field blocking the entrance without casting a spell. All she had to do was feed a little of her own energy into it.
  Aoko could sprint with all her might for a little more than three minutes.
  The puppet had far more stamina than she did.
  She could only come up with three options.
  The first was to escape through the exit in front of her.
  The second was to hide somewhere on the more complicated first floor.
  And the third was to run into the basement and be stuck like a rat in a trap.
"Well, that's obvious enough."
  She made her decision with zero hesitation,
  moving her stiff legs again with determined strength.
  The oncoming storm was almost upon her.
  Her resolve firm, she turned and ran, descending into the darkness.
    No matter what, a finale should be glorious.
    This would be the mirror castle's final scene.
  Two humans and a puppet.
  A young sorceress ran toward the subterranean heart of the castle,
  while an autonomous antique chased its prey into the depths of a demonic dungeon.
  A minute later, a faint, blue charge would ripple through the castle.
  This was the main pillar in the deepest depths of the basement.
  Though not critical to the castle's structure, the pillar was a visible symbol of it. The girl concentrated her magical energy into a fist and thrust it at the pillar.
  This was the blow that would bring down the castle.
  She imagined the destruction as she threw the punch, and that scene blossomed into reality seconds later.
  It was simple ignition magecraft, meant to release the condensed magical energy engraved into the four pillars at the corners of the structure.
  Using electricity as a switch meant virtually instantaneous activation.
  It happened swiftly and elegantly― 
  a hammer of destruction descended upon the castle of dreams that had stubbornly resisted its fate for two years.
  It was almost a joyous sound.
  And so, the lifeless and abandoned castle of mirrors set the stage for its final and most spectacular performance.
  Aoko's magical energy became an electrical charge that activated the magecraft formula engraved into the pillar. The chain reaction would lead to the castle's destruction.
"...You served your purpose.
  But it must've been rough. Looks like you're gonna collapse anytime now."
  The plaza in the center of the basement.
  Aoko tried to steady her breathing while rotating her Magic Crest at full speed.
  She wreathed her arms in blue light, fully aware that she could no longer activate another formula.
  Her labored breathing refused to settle.
  She stood at the center of the basement.
  Without being spotted even once, she had managed to make it all the way to the central pillar. It was a hundred-meter dash in thirteen seconds flat―undoubtedly a new personal best.
  She spurred on her weakened heart, knowing full well the fate that awaited her.
"It can't help but follow me. And once down here, there'll be no escape.
  I should've expected that. It was too much to expect that I could keep up the chase forever."
  Hindsight was 20/20.
  The castle was only a minute away from collapsing completely.
  If they stayed here, they would both be crushed by the rubble.
  The puppet certainly did not care.
  With no life of its own, its sole concern was the elimination of its target, Aoko Aozaki.
  ...Indeed.
  The enemy had been willing to die from the start.
  She resented her own lack of resolve.
  It wasn't like her to tuck tail and run from an opponent that didn't fear death.
                    "<Vivo in somno. Solitarie putresco in inferis|In slumber, I live. In dirt, I rot.>.
        <Hic dies meus obitus dies, et meus nativus dies. Te obeam.|Today is the day I died and was born. Now I come to you.>"
(Hmph. It's always been on a suicide mission, huh.
  It doesn't have enough juice to power the six-legged form and the Finn Shots. The curses aren't recharging it fast enough.)
  Such a perpetual motion device was only as good as its ability to regulate its energy consumption.
  Using so many functions at once meant it was burning through fuel quickly and losing the ability to process the curses that powered it.
  It was using up all of the functions it had been given to achieve its aim.
  This was the pride of a tool, if such things could have ego. Those endowed with sentience could never hope to understand.
  A beast born to do nothing but run would burn any human who faced its resolve.
"...It's a waste when you think about it.
  I thought my sister was the only one capable of something this reckless, but I guess I was wrong."
  But Aoko did not intend a sacrifice play here.
  She respected her adversary now, and she was done regretting her choices.
  There was no time to waste.
"This is it. This ends now."
  Aoko had every intention of paying it back double for what it had done to her.
  The energy Aoko had accumulated exploded out of her right leg.
  She aimed for a single thing: a head-on attack!
  The enemy responded with a lethal curse that reached for her heart like a set of talons.
  Humming with power, it meant to rend Aoko's heart and burn itself out in the process.
"Hup!"
  As soon as she saw it, Aoko kicked the floor as hard as she could.
  Her long hair swirled through the air as she flipped aside.
"...Hnngh!"
  This lateral move almost sent her tumbling to the ground, but a quick swing of her arm allowed her to regain her balance.
"...!"
  A shot grazed her arm,
  the curse scorching her left shoulder.
  She did not flinch. Aoko knew she could hold on as long as she continued to avoid a direct Finn Shot.
"...!"
"Snap!"
  Off balance and in pain, it took her half a second to recover.
  The moment she raised her head, she deflected the attack with a fist full of magical energy.
"Here goes...!"
  If the puppet had a will of its own, its eyes would have popped right out of its sockets.
  It would have been floored.
  Shocked at the strong will that allowed this girl to perform a series of moves like this.
"Crack!"
  Aoko's response was instantaneous.
  While her power was not sufficient to completely redirect the arm's trajectory, it was just enough to deflect it harmlessly past her hair.
"...<Initio erraveramus. Dum vivimus dolores sunt|It was all a mistake. I should have never been born.>.
<Nemo adiuvat. Nemo adiuvat. Nemo adiuvat.|Atone for me! Atone for me! Atone for me!>"
  The chant became a curse that robbed Aoko of her vitality.
"...!"
  Did it still have something left in the tank, or was it actually indignant?
  Whatever the reason, Aoko was easily able to resist its weakened defensive maneuver...
"Glider!"
  ...And her right leg, pulsing with magical energy, shot up into the puppet's chest from below.
  It was much lighter than Aoko anticipated.
  Or rather, she felt little resistance.
  An automaton's weight was determined by its internals―the size of its power source.
  Ironically, it was the superiority of its music box engine that would prove to be its downfall.
"...<Venite, Venite, Venite, meum sepulchrum veniteeeeeeee|Welcome! Welcome! Welcome to my graaaaaave>..."
  A stuttering curse.
  Having taken the full brunt of Aoko's kick, the puppet bounced from ceiling to floor, collapsing in a heap.
  Its internal construction had been warped by the impact, leaving the drum of the music box that powered the puppet warped as well.
"Take your design flaws up with your maker.
A single dynamo would have been all you needed to―
Wait, what the―!?"
  Part of the ceiling came crashing down in front of Aoko, snapping her back to her senses.
(...Did I really just take her out?)
  She was so stunned by her own victory that she forgot the house of mirrors had already begun to collapse.
"I've gotta get out of here!"
  There was no time to relish in her victory or pity her opponent.
  Not unless she wanted to meet the same fate.
  As the situation stood, she found it hard to imagine getting out alive.
"Get a move on, Aoko!"
  She clapped herself on the cheeks to motivate herself anew.
  This was her bounty for finishing their battle in a matter of seconds.
  Her breath ragged with excitement, Aoko ran for the exit.
  The collapse was intensifying by the second.
  Having lost its support pillars, the castle was buckling under its own weight.
"Out of my way!"
  Escaping from the basement was proving to be no easy task.
  While she was taking the shortest route possible through the maze, she was nearly crushed by a falling piece of the ceiling along the way.
This was the second time―no, third―she had to deal with fallen rubble along the way.
  She destroyed the debris on the stairs with magic bullets as she ran.
  The automaton's jamming had long since worn off.
  The earlier attack had damaged the vast majority of its functions.
"-, -!"
  Aoko's breathing was heavy as she ran.
  Desperation sparked her brain into overdrive.
  The ceiling seemed to be collapsing in slow motion.
  Life seemed to flash before her very eyes.
  Each second stretched into five.
  Her frayed nerves made it hard to tell the time.
  There was debris riddled throughout the stairway, forcing her to crawl up it.
  She emerged from the destroyed basement into the collapsing first floor.
  That the plaza was still traversable at all was a miracle in itself,
  and fortunately for her, the crucial path to the exit was still intact.
"I made it!"
  The corridor to the entrance was still intact.
  The basement maze only extended as far as the plaza, so the entrance corridor wouldn't collapse. Only the ceiling would cave in, leaving the scaffolding surround intact.
  She got herself this far by telling herself repeatedly that fate would decide whether or not she reached the plaza.
  Her gamble paid off. It was her lucky day.
  All she had to do was muster the last of her strength and keep moving forward until―
"..."
  She hesitated for a fraction of a second.
  Was it naivety? A sense of responsibility?
  She pushed aside the image that popped into her head and continued running down the corridor.
"...We don't have the luxury of coordinating the timing with each other to pull this off.
  It's not the greatest plan in the world, but we both need to do our parts and get to the exit as quickly as possible."
  That was five minutes ago.
  At the time, Soujyuro had nodded with trepidation.
  And Aoko had not bothered to ask herself why.
"What are you spacing out for!? Just focus on running!"
  This corridor was giving out too.
  If she were to look back, she was sure she would see the building collapsing in on her.
  She was also sure she had no time to waste doing so.
  Her luck was fading as fast as the building's structural integrity.
  It was a small miracle that she had escaped serious injury up to this point, and she could not afford even the slightest slip-up.
  An ankle sprain, loss of balance, or even a sneeze would be fatal. A simple pat on the back was enough to end it.
  So, naturally...
"...Oh."
  There it was, clear as day.
  From the detritus of the stairway, death had arisen to take her down with it.
  A corpse that had crawled its way up from the depths of hell itself.
  It was still operational.
  And it was still armed with curses.
  It had crawled after her, watching as Aoko desperately tried to save herself.
  The puppet's arm shot forward.
  While Aoko did not turn to meet it, she could see its reflection in the mirrors.
"Iis salvatio Iis salvatio Iis salvatio Iis salvatio."
  Extend. Extend. Extend.
  This time, she could not dodge it. There was absolutely nothing she could do.
  The puppet with her face sang.
  <I invite you|@_Venite domum meam.>.
  <to die a muddy death|@_Luto simile somnium.>.
  <Become as whispering dust|@_et pulveri simile cotidianum.>.
  <Gouge out your heart|@_Cor privo.>.
                                      
  "<Death be upon you!|Te iudico.>"
"Wha―"
  For a moment, she could not believe her eyes.
  It was the last thing she'd expected to see.
"Don't know when to give up, do you?"
  A fierce expression adorned the face of the boy who had been waiting in the plaza, as he smashed the puppet's outstretched arm.
  Anger really did not suit him at all.
  His weapon of choice was a fire extinguisher.
  He must have searched the maze for something to use as a weapon.
  No, never mind that!
  It was too crazy to contemplate... but had he stayed behind... for her?
"Sizuki!"
  Aoko stopped the feet she had sworn would never stop moving, and extended a hand out to him.
"That's enough! Leave it! We have to go!"
  Soujyuro tossed the fire extinguisher aside and took off running.
  Pieces of the ceiling continued to collapse like dominos.
  They kept moving with dust and dirt following in their wake.
  Their shadows raced through the collapsing corridor with all their strength.
  ...The castle was in the throes of death.
  With a massive crash and a cloud of dust, the final chapter of the fairy tale that had been Kitsy Land came to an abrupt end.
  This duel to the death was over.
  For a moment, amidst their swirling emotions, any past enmity was forgotten. The two collapsed on the lawn and basked in strange solidarity.
  The ringing in their ears subsided before long.
  A tremor of such magnitude seemed impossible in an amusement park like this.
  As the sounds of destruction echoed across the park, Aoko addressed the individual at her side.
"Hey...you alive?"
"Yeah."
"Tch."
  While the click of her tongue was adorable, the meaning behind it was anything but.
"...Aozaki? What happened to that thing?"
"What do you think? It was crushed to bits."
"..."
  Soujyuro sighed, not wholly relieved by her frank response. His reason...
"Never mind that thing. You should be worrying about yourself."
  He wasn't out of the woods yet, after all.
"...Aozaki, I'm guessing you were a bit of a bully as a kid."
"Maybe, but I don't get a kick out of seeing people suffer.
  Never mind that. Do you know the situation you're in right now?"
  She sat up and smiled.
  Soujyuro hung his head in shame, wondering why her kind tone and expression were so chilling.
"Please accept my sincerest apologies."
"Oh no, don't you even start. You know what our agreement was, and a deal is a deal. If you held up your end of the bargain, I'd let you go."
"Exactly. And that's why I'm apologizing."
  Soujyuro made a show of avoiding her eyes,
  like a pouting child.
"..."
  Aoko was taken aback by this sulky display.
  Perhaps...
He was angry at himself rather than her.
  He was not mad because she would not let him go. He was mad that he had not done his part.
"...Haaah."
  Aoko sighed for what seemed like the millionth time that day.
  She could not figure out what surprised her more: his unconditional kindness, or her naïve approval of it.
"So, are you ready?"
"Of course not, but a promise is a promise. In the end, I failed to do my part."
  It was certainly the case that he failed to do any of the things she had expected of him.
  But just then, she glanced back at the collapsed house of mirrors.
  What had he done after failing so spectacularly?
  He had searched for the extinguisher so he could use it as a weapon,
  and waited patiently in the plaza as the maze collapsed all around him just because he thought it was wrong to leave her behind.
  It was a foolish choice, and the exact opposite of her choice to run towards the exit without hesitation.
"I suppose I'll take it."
  She was satisfied, even as she was shocked at how naive she was being.
  It was true that he had saved her.
  She smiled inwardly, admiring―if only for a moment―the bravery he continued to show in the face of such extreme circumstances.
"You may have blown your chance, but you did make up for it after the fact. I'll keep my promise."
  With a nod, she pulled herself to her feet.
"But you'll pay back this favor, someday."
"...?"
  The girl tried to keep a straight face as she offered a hand to the boy still lying on the ground.
"You managed to help me in the end.
So, because of that, I'll let you off the hook. For tonight."
"..."
  She bashfully averted her gaze.
  Though her profile appeared different than it had in the past, it was clearly still the face of the vibrant girl he met the day he first arrived in town.
"What are you staring at!?"
  As if she had felt his eyes on her, she shot him a frowning glare.
"Oh, sorry. It's just, as crazy as it is to say it aloud, you really are a fair person, Aozaki."
  He took her outstretched hand.
  Feeling his weight as she pulled him up, she could not help but think that he was about the last person she wanted to hear that from.
"By the way, you said you'd let me off the hook for tonight. What about tomorrow?"
"Well, we'll just have to see."
  She shrugged her shoulders as if she was not sure herself.
  The response was so unlike her that it made Soujyuro smile.
  Was it the solidarity of having escaped death together, or their fleeting camaraderie that made him do so?
  It might have been for this night only, but the air between them was kind and gentle.
  A lot had transpired, but the midwinter nightmare had come to an end.
  The pair had overcome many trials and tribulations and could now leave the mirror realm in their wake.
  But before that...
"...How selfish of you.
  And who, may I ask, said you could decide that, Aoko?"
  It was the voice of a beautiful songbird
  and a merciless machine, all rolled into one.
"...Alice."
  Her voice quivered as she spoke the name.
  The lady in black made her presence known.
  The night was not yet over.
  Her name was Alice Kuonji.
  She was a witch whose name struck fear into the heart of Aoko―
an avatar of the night who would allow no witnesses.
"I guess that's it."
  The central plaza was as silent as a grave. According to the map, the meeting spot was west of here.
  Waiting for Soujyuro at his destination was a rugged, imposing, magnificent castle towering before the backdrop of the cloudy night sky.
  Even for an abandoned park, it was a remarkable structure.
  If the roller coasters and the Ferris wheel were loud, intense attractions, this was comparatively quiet and easygoing.
  It was one of Kitsy Land's three iconic structures and, in a way, the wicked fortress that guided this paradise down the path of closure.
  Generally speaking, amusement park mazes generally fell into one of two categories:
  Labyrinths, which disorient visitors with their sheer size,
  and mirror houses, which disorient visitors with optical illusions.
  Many of a labyrinth's guests enjoyed the brief sense of adventure that it afforded.
  Over the years, however, it would be usurped by the ever-increasing thrills of new attractions. Such was the way of all trends; the curse of fads.
  The new must give way to the newer.
  On the other hand, the house of mirrors was a time-honored, beloved staple.
  Even within the confines of a classroom's dimensions, well-placed mirrors and well-directed light could both perplex and delight its visitors.
  And figuring in the cost of maintenance, a well-designed house of mirrors could far outlive its labyrinth brethren.
  Even if both types faded into obscurity, they would remain a staple of what constituted an amusement park.
  However...
  That didn't mean that combining them would produce double the fun.
  Together, they transformed from entertainment into an uncanny realm from which those who dared to step within could never leave.
  In a similar sense,
  Kitsy's Mystery Tour Castle was the park's very own otherworld.
  Indeed, five percent of visitors  ended up requesting staff assistance to get out.
  Modeled after European castles, it was greater than a football field in length, and the interior was further split into three floors.
  Two floors above ground and one below, lined with mirrors from top to bottom, equal parts complex and vast. The maze demanded at least thirty minutes even from veterans.
  One visit was all it took to be struck by catoptrophobia for hours. It was this labyrinth that now stood in Soujyuro's way. 
"It looks like it's not entirely pitch black... I guess somebody turned the lights on."
  It seemed that Soujyuro, unaware of what a house of mirrors even was, concerned himself only with its lighting.
  He checked the letter from Aoko once more.
  The letter read, "I will be waiting in the first-floor lobby of the house of mirrors."
  That meeting place was definitely in here.
  There was something to see by at least, as he could just make out light faintly through the open doors.
  Putting aside his suspicions, he headed toward the entrance.
  ...The sound of his steps against the brick-laid path echoed faintly.
  He was far from the hustle and bustle of the city.
  The park's clocks no longer made tick nor tock,
  and the winter's bite no longer blew in the night.
  From within the silence, the stillness that would cause any onlooker to hold their breath...
"...Hello?"
  Soujyuro stopped abruptly at the entrance to the house of mirrors.
"By the way, why are you over there, Aozaki?"
  He called out, turning back toward the plaza.
"?!"
  A sound rang out, as if someone had dove behind a garbage can and it fell to the ground in their haste.
  ...A short silence ensued.
  For a moment, the abandoned park returned to its previous hush.
  Resigned to her having been exposed, the girl appeared from her hiding place.
"Ao―"
  His voice died in his throat as he took in the sight of the girl's familiar face in unfamiliar attire.
  This Aoko, with her long hair flowing in the breeze, was different from the Aoko that Soujyuro knew.
  The resolute stance and posture she took exuded the strength of her will.
  She stared directly at him with a sharp-eyed, piercing gaze.
  Her eyes were glowing with a dim phosphoric light, enough to give Soujyuro pause that he might be hallucinating.
  An icy coldness and a girl's strength.
  Soujyuro lacked a sense of danger, but the sense of imbalance caused even him to feel the malice in the air.
  It was as though the yuki-onna spirit of folklore had climbed out from a ghost story and appeared here in reality.
"...Aozaki?"
  Instinctively, Soujyuro took a step back.
  Surprised, he was starting to feel concerned.
  An unpleasant premonition rose to the surface, bringing with it a sense of anxiety. In spite of this, he felt obliged to honor urban etiquette by seeing if she was all right.
"...Did something happen to you? From the looks of it, I, um..."
"..."
  Without acknowledging him, Aoko took a step forward.
  Her figure, this atmosphere... Soujyuro found himself recalling a recent memory.
  His twisted and knotted apprehension melted away and was replaced with a growing realization.
  The girl before him was very similar to someone he had seen before, that night in the park, though he had only seen her from behind.
  With increasing certainty causing him to swallow nervously, he noted that they... might as well have been identical.
"You asked me what I was doing. Well, it's exactly what it looks like.
  I was waiting for my prey to pass by. Once you went inside, I was going to follow and cut off your only route of escape."
  Aoko said, perturbed by the swift change in plans.
(Phew, so I came to the right place.)
  Soujyuro was mightily relieved he had not got the wrong place.
  It was unclear whether he felt confident about dealing with what was to come, or if he had simply failed to grasp the hopelessness of the situation.
  Aoko ignored his obtuse response and continued.
"You know, Sizuki.
  Just like anyone else, some people get on my nerves and some people I just really hate.
  But the funny thing is, my enemies are never people on my shit list."
  Cold emotion burned in her eyes.
  Her feet had already moved one step closer to Soujyuro.
  Soujyuro's sense of foreboding was growing stronger. Wondering if what he sensed was bloodlust, he retreated another step.
  Continuing as so, they maintained a distance of just fifteen feet.
"As far as I can recall, I've never thought of someone I didn't like as an enemy.
  As it happens, I've even had enemies that I liked.
  And the reason is simple..."
  She held her right arm out.
  The light about her was no illusion.
"It's simple, really.
  Anyone who throws me out of whack is my enemy."
  Her arm moved again.
  It was instantaneous.
  Something shot past Soujyuro in the blink of an eye, missing him by just a foot to his left.
"Wai―"
  Before his eyes, a blue light, something akin to a fireball, had ignited from nothing. He finally understood what was happening.
"Wait a second, I've seen one of those before!"
  She ignored his dimwitted reaction.
"Damn it. I missed."
  Aoko muttered to herself.
  The fist-sized hole the blue light had made in the house of mirrors crackled and smoldered.
  A shot like that could easily cave in a human skull in addition to burning it to a crisp.
"...Hah. I'd have to kill myself if Alice saw me miss at this range.
  But you get it now, right? This is it for you. There won't be a second chance."
"..."
  Soujyuro backed away swiftly.
  Things were beyond incomprehensible. He was close to losing the ability to think at all.
  All he could make out was the figure of the dependable student council president―or at least what he had thought was the president―and the memories of the park that night two days ago.
  He had never experienced anything like this, though most people living in a civilized country would have never seen anything like it either.
  A lethal weapon that could kill with nothing more than the pull of a finger had a way of suspending the ability of its target to determine between not just good and evil, but dreams and reality, past and future.
  And the more peaceful someone's life had been, the stronger that suspension was likely to be.
  All that one could think about was the fact that they were alive at that very moment.
  It was as if he was an unwritten character on a blank piece of white paper.
  There was no before, there was no after, there was only what came next.
  This was a very common thought process for anyone staring down the barrel of a gun.
"Oh, don't bother begging. It's pointless.
  But feel free to air your grievances. It's a killer's duty to listen to her victim's last words."
  By saying it was pointless, she made it sound more like she would not listen to what he had to say.
  However, Soujyuro was in such a state of shock that it did not even enter his mind to speak up.
  All he knew, for reasons unknown, was that the girl in front of him wanted him dead.
(Y-You could have told me, Tobimaru!
  You said that no such thing exists!
  Well, how about now, idiot? There's a monster right in front of me!)
  Soujyuro felt that if he had said that aloud, the second blast would come even quicker than the last, so he kept it to himself.
  His mental expletives stirred his mind from paralysis to mere panic.
  This response came not from confidence, however.
"Someday, out of the blue, someone is going to kill me."
  While it may have seemed like a baseless belief to hold-
(Oh, but now that I think about it, murders happen all the time in cities.
  I should have remembered: if you break the rules, you get killed! I knew that already!)
  To Soujyuro, the situation seemed to perfectly align with his inexperienced understanding that the city was a coldly pragmatic place.
  As far as he was concerned at this moment, being killed by a classmate was not something to be so surprised by.
  In a society where murder was possible, he was able to accept this sort of situation as natural. Of virtually no concern was the series of events that led to Aoko's aggression toward him, 
  The only thing that truly confused him was Aoko's blue fireball.
"..."
  Soujyuro swallowed with an audible gulp.
  To anyone who may have been watching, it was the response of a victim paralyzed by fear.
"That's right. So you do finally get it.
  I'm all out of words, so I think it's time you died.
  I could go on about how magecraft has to stay hidden, but that doesn't really have anything to do with you. All you need to know is that you were in the wrong place at the wrong time. And that it was me who killed you."
  Done talking, Aoko once again lifted her right arm.
  There was a hum like a machine.
  Blue light began to revolve about her arm beneath her sleeve.
  This was taking longer than last time, leading Soujyuro to believe that it was going to be much stronger than the attack that was still scorching the wall behind him. The realization caused his panic to heighten.
(No, wait, it's not about me having to die, or the fact that the monster that night was actually Aozaki, or even whether she's a part of the church... It's not about any of that.)
  His thoughts became jumbled.
  His heart pounded like a hammer.
  ...This was no time to be standing still.
  He was not sure if the girl in front of him was really human.
  And more importantly, even if he could accept the events unfolding before him, when all was said and done...
"Wait! It's wrong to kill people!"
  Even if it was a fact of life in the city, Soujyuro was not about to lie down and die!
"Don't you think I know that?!"
"H-hey―waaaait!"
  Soujyuro's scream, still entirely oblivious, was just the thing to invoke Aoko's full wrath.
"AaaAAAaaah!?"
  Aoko fired a barrage of magical blue bullets.
  In an instant, Soujyuro dashed into the shadows behind him, into the entrance to the house of mirrors.
"W-w-what the heck was that!?"
  He darted feverishly down the hall.
  After a mere few feet, he was left completely out of breath. This was due to his shock at seeing yet another attack, fiercer than the first, that he'd never seen in his life, and because he couldn't shake the thought that if he had moved even a second later, he would be dead.
  He could not afford to stop.
  The sound of merciless footsteps closed in behind him.
"I've bought myself some time. Maybe here I'll be able to figure out something..."
  He threw everything into his legs as he sprinted.
  A straight, narrow passage about sixty feet long connected the entrance to the main lobby.
  At this rate, if he could just make it to the lobby, he was sure he would be able to find as many hiding spots as he needed.
(Thank god!)
  He arrived in a large, open space.
  This was the first-floor lobby. There were three passageways.
  One led to the basement floor.
  One connected to the first-floor maze.
  The other was a set of stairs leading to the second floor.
  Soujyuro did not particularly care which one he chose, so, trusting his intuition, he made a run for the first-floor maze, when...
"Ouch!"
  He smacked his head into a transparent wall.
"A...mirror!?"
"That's right. It's annoying, but I guess this makes things fair.
  The chaser and the chased are on equal ground."
  A somehow cheerful voice echoed in his direction.
  There was no need for Soujyuro to even turn around.
  In the very same mirror he had crashed into he could see Aoko Aozaki's figure slowly approaching.
"You should know, I sealed off the first floor exit deeper inside. Physically, not with a Bounded Field.
  Is calling it a seal going too far? Maybe plugged or buried works. Either way, if you get too close, you'll be swallowed by a cave-in. I recommend keeping your distance if you don't want to be buried alive."
"-, -!"
  Panicked by the impending footsteps, Soujyuro groped for the wall.
  He could see the stairs to the second floor.
  He did not understand what Aoko had meant earlier, but he at least knew that the first floor was not going to save him.
"It would save me a lot of trouble if you just died that way, though.
  The cleanup is much easier for accidental deaths."
"...!"
  Behind him was a creature beyond words.
  As she continued her idle taunting, she lifted her right arm ostentatiously.
  Even from above her clothes one could see some kind of strange, incongruous pattern upon her body.
  The veins beneath her skin...
  They made it seem as though something inhuman was circulating her body.
"..."
  Whether out of pity or repulsion,
  Soujyuro stopped for just a moment.
  His pursuer evaded his gaze.
"You've noticed, then. I normally hide it with ointment, but today is special.
  It's called a Magical Crest. It's proof that I'm a mage.
  You see this light revolving around me, right? It's the beginning of what formed that Snap―those bullets.
  I'm feeling pretty good today, and I've never felt more confident in how to use my magical energy efficiently. I think I'm good for another thirty bullets or so."
  Perhaps she was on an emotional high, for her voice had become frightfully friendly.
"..."
  The substance of the conversation could not have been any more unsettling, however.
"...I don't understand a thing you're saying, Aozaki."
"You don't? I'm telling you that I have thirty more shots in the tank.
  If you can escape before I use them up, it's your win. For today, that is."
(...For today? You mean I have to do this tomorrow, too?)
  Soujyuro knit his brows.
  Aoko's expression creased into a scowl at his behavior. Although he was panicking, it seemed that deep down he still did not feel the full weight of the crisis.
  She knew he still didn't get it.
"I said my piece. Free time is over.
  I may still have some trash talk left in me, but, well, there's never enough time to get it all off my chest, anyway. Just give up already."
  It appeared Aoko had prepared this theatrical dialogue ahead of time.
  Not to allow her opponent time for futile pleading, but to give him the time to curse her, his killer.
  Such forthrightness was her modus operandi. With this victim, however, it was not going as she had hoped.
"Anyway, that's all I have to say.
  Shall we begin the hunt?"
  Her voice was void of emotion, and her eyes ruthless as they bored into her prey.
  This time, Soujyuro finally accepted that he was going to die.
  ...Silent as the dead, it stepped into the remnants of a dream that had long since seen no visitors.
  There was no wind this night, nor a soul to be seen.
  Still, it heard the echoes from within, clasped its hands together, and grinned.
  Its form, with hands clasped, resembled that of a budding tulip.
  The bearing of this artificial flower reflected in the cloudy mirror of the ticket attendant's office next to the gate.
  Next to it stood a display board, corroded by years upon years of rust.
                              No. of Visitors Today: 2
                              No. of ----        Today: __
                              No. of ----       Today: __
  The board had graffiti crudely scrawled atop one of the words.
  It was replaced with "Deaths."
  The records board had long ago fallen to disrepair.
  After taking a full ten seconds to digest what it was looking at, it made its own revision.
                                No. of Visitors Today: 3
                                No. of Deaths  Today: 1
  After appending this number with an index finger, she smiled like a flower.
  Then she began to walk toward the source of the sound.
  It had been ten minutes since this rhapsody had begun to echo from the house of mirrors.
  The amusement park's entrance returned to as it was before: soulless.
  In the end...
  Even if Soujyuro had been the luckiest man alive, there was no way he should have been able to escape.
  The question, however, was how much of this was by design,
  and how much was sheer coincidence?
  Even Aoko, who had made all the arrangements, had no answer.
  Indeed, there were only three things she could say:
  It was taking longer than expected,
  he was putting up more resistance than she had anticipated,
  and that choosing the house of mirrors had been a mistake.
  She had really screwed the pooch on this one.
  The location itself was an excellent choice, as the house of mirrors was perfect as a hunting ground. But seeing her own incompetence reflected in the mirrors was beginning to grate on her.
"Ahhh!"
  The moment Aoko's right arm began to glow, Soujyuro made a beeline for the staircase in front of him.
  A strobing series of blue flashes lit the room behind him.
  The hunter calmly followed her prey, and the prey desperately ran for his life up the stairs.
"...Just what the doctor ordered.
  We can't very well let the best-laid plans go to waste now, can we?"
  In stark contrast to Soujyuro's frenzied escape, Aoko walked briskly up the stairs.
  She elected not to run after her prey in order to maintain a set distance.
  As she lacked confidence in her accuracy, she would be the most challenged if Soujyuro bull-rushed her and went down fighting.
  But at a distance of thirty or so feet, he posed no threat.
  By the time her prey drew near, she could fire ten shots and hit with at least four of them.
  Their positioning just a moment ago hadn't been ideal.
  At this distance, in a space this open, there was a chance, however small, that it could turn into a fistfight if he flanked and charged her.
  Currently, Aoko's best weapon was the bullets from her right arm.
  If she was going to capitalize on that advantage, it was in her best interest not to close the gap between them.
  If there was a good time to approach, it was only after her prey had become exhausted and had lost the will to continue.
  Would she pierce his leg? Shoot him in the back?
  Or, perhaps, would he just give up after losing himself in the labyrinth?
  The hunt would end when her target sustained some sort of injury and became unable to run.
"...!"
  On Soujyuro's end, he could barely bite back on screaming as he bolted through the maze.
  Even running in a straight line had become difficult, much less searching for an exit.
"Ow!"
  The corridor stretched out far before him...or so the mirrors blocking the path had made it seem.
  Panicked, he made a turn to the right.
"That hurt!"
  Clutching his head in his right arm, Soujyuro led with his left, groping through the air to see whether a wall was there or not.
"Nngh!"
  He dove down the hall to the left, narrowly dodging the bullets targeting his life.
"Hah...haah...!"
  Urged on by the sound of approaching footsteps, he ran without thinking.
  That last one was close. A hair closer would have meant his life.
  He caught the odor of burnt hair from the back of his neck.
  He was very lucky.
  Or perhaps very unlucky.
If he were actually lucky, he would not be in this situation in the first place.
  The second floor of the house of mirrors was structured like a giant spiral.
  It wound left, starting from the outside wall.
  Eventually, it would lead to a dead end. The more he tried to escape, the more cornered he would become, as though he were trapped in a twisted guillotine.
"Huff, huff..."
  His stifled screams threatened to leak out as complaints.
  No matter what he did, he was going to be killed. All of his struggling merely served to prolong the inevitable.
  Yet he ran.
  No matter how many mirrored walls he rammed himself into, he ran.
  Even after crashing so hard that his forehead bled and he saw stars, he ran.
  Pain shot through him at every turn.
  The more frantically he ran, the more intensely he smashed into the invisible walls.
  His body began to understand this rule and begged him not to run anymore.
"Hah, hah!"
  His breath was already ragged after sprinting a couple hundred feet.
  No matter how he thought about it, this was not normal. This was way too crazy.
This was all just a bad joke. If he turned around now, she would apologize to him for taking it too far.
His mind had gone blank. As his body continued to slam into the mirrors again and again, his feet slowed as they began to believe that perhaps it really was all a joke. But then...
  He felt a chill.
  A touch of death upon his neck.
"..."
  It would not be an exaggeration to say that Soujyuro knew this kind of terrible chill far too well.
  Ever since he had arrived in the city, he had come face-to-face with more than one or two near-death experiences.
  For someone who did not understand city life, his present predicament was not unlike when he experienced the traffic on the streets or the commuter rush on the station platform.
  He was far from an innocent babe unable to comprehend life or fear.
  Rather, everything he had ever known became irrelevant when he was flung into a completely different cultural sphere.
  Even society's promises of safety―something urbanites took for granted―were threats unknown.
  ...So, he was used to this already.
  Though if he were to be honest, he was dissatisfied with some things.
  Things superfluous to necessity.
  This world was overflowing with valueless things, and they were all dangerous in some way.
  Even the everyday necessities sold at the convenience store were, as far as he was concerned, amazing tools.
  Civilization had raised the standard of living so high that it had numbed humanity's sense of danger.
  The city's constant pursuit of wealth and convenience was a poison to a country boy like Soujyuro,
  and he did not have the capacity to accept these conveniences.
  That it was possible for such conveniences to easily and suddenly be misused and cause unintended accidents had always made him anxious.
  Why?
  He had to wonder why he was even here.
"...Ah."
  How ironic.
  It took the real threat of death to finally make him realize,
  like a divine revelation, what he'd failed to understand until now:
  He'd always had to expect the unexpected.
  Near-death experiences were more common than one might think.
  To begin with, safety was something that came at a price.
  Being alive meant that the opposite was always lurking around the corner.
  It was just like a street light at night.
  When the sun rose, its illumination would naturally disappear.
  Another barrage of strange projectiles whizzed mercilessly by him.
  He recalled in the back of his mind the charred remains of someone at the hands of that blue flame two nights prior.
  Somehow this situation reminded him of a horse being led by a dangling carrot.
  For now he lifted his head and continued to run through the labyrinth.
  But for what purpose?
"Hah... hah..."
  Though he knew the pain in his chest was very real, he felt disconnected from it.
  The night sky visible through the skylight was a muddy ultramarine, no longer resembling the one he knew.
"...Hah."
  And managed to calm himself.
  Soujyuro began to laugh in despair, as though something rather precious had been broken.
  Everything had become meaningless anyway.
  Even so, his legs somehow made their way forward at the sight of her reflection in the mirror.
  Like a game of cat and mouse, Soujyuro fled through the labyrinth of mirrors.
  Then, after four minutes, that strangely unreal tension ended.
  The ninth shot of blue light hit inches away from him.
  It exploded the moment it made impact, launching Soujyuro into the opposite wall.
  Of all the fire he had taken thus far, this shot indisputably brought him the closest to death.
"GAAAH!"
  Groaning, he collapsed to the floor.
  His back was on fire with pain.
  He was not bleeding, and was lucky he could still even scream.
  Yet, his body refused to move.
  Physically and mentally he still had something to spare.
  The pain was not so bad that he couldn't get back up.
  It was just that there was a skylight above him, and he could glimpse the dark of the night sky beyond.
  The feeling that overcame him was a raw, selfish bout of grief.
  Oh, it was just so cruel―
  to have to stare at that for the remainder of whatever short life he had left.
"..."
  Soujyuro's ragged breath slowed.
  For all intents and purposes, he had given up.
  He had given up fleeing from the pursuing footsteps, and perhaps, even the root of all his problems.
(Well, at least it was Aozaki who got to kill me.)
  Soujyuro Sizuki felt things that, in any other circumstance, he would never feel.
  Incidentally...
Without exaggeration or embellishment, this was the only mistake he had ever made in his entire life.
  Staring vacantly into the night sky above, Soujyuro listened as the footsteps drew nearer.
"You give up?"
  It was the closest her voice had ever been to him.
  Perhaps feeling that he really had given up, she approached his collapsed form.
  In the dark, mirror-lined corridor, he could not make out her expression.
  Without a word, Soujyuro raised his eyes to meet his murderer.
"...I suppose if you don't care, you don't have to ask.
  You really do throw me off. Most people would ask me why I'm going to kill them right about now."
  Aoko spoke from within the shadows.
"..."
  His eyes widened in bewilderment.
  Now that she had mentioned it, he realized that would have been the obvious question to ask.
  He had more or less picked up on the fact that he was being killed for learning some secret, but it was human nature to want to know more.
"...That makes sense, now that you mention it."
  A simple affirmation.
  His face was a mixture of resignation and a forlorn longing.
  He thought for a moment, before...
"But you don't have to say anything.
I don't want to hear it."
  He responded in a mature, subdued voice.
"..."
  His response was clear―rather, gallantly so.
"...I see.
  I'm still going to kill you. Aren't you scared of dying?"
"Of course I'm scared. It'll probably hurt."
  His face turned wry as he objected, to which Aoko frowned.
As nonchalant as he could be, he was honest about his feelings.
"Of course that would be scary. I'd be scared, too, you know.
  Sorry, though. You'll just need to deal with it.
  It's okay if you call me a monster. That's exactly what I am right now.
...
 I guess in that way I'm just like you. I don't have what you would call normal morals. Helps when I need to murder someone."
  Soujyuro's finger twitched in response to her indifferent tone.
  As if to say that, despite having given up on just about everything, his body could not let those words slide.
"Murder is wrong, you know."
"We went through this. I know that already."
  Aoko raised her right hand.
  The light from the crest illuminated her face.
  It goes without saying that her expression was unchanged.
  She was not crying, nor was she smiling.
  She was a young woman who had excised her feelings.
  ..."Deal with it" was another thing Soujyuro could not let slide.
  Soujyuro could read on Aoko's face that she was not herself. She was in pain, and to a degree he had never seen in her.
"...Sorry, but I guess I do have something to say."
"What is it? But don't think you can trick me into letting you go by making me feel bad."
"..."
  He unconsciously smiled at Aoko's ruthless counter and breathed a sigh of relief.
  He had misread the pain he saw in her face. This was the same Aoko.
  Soujyuro laughed out loud in genuine joy, a laugh that most other people would have taken as an insult.
"I'm starting to regret letting you say your piece.
  Or should I take that attempt to make fun of me as just that?"
"No, I'm not laughing at you. I was just wondering if that person over there was a friend of yours, Aozaki."
  Out of nowhere, Soujyuro pointed behind Aoko.
"What?"
  Aoko thought that it must have been that old, overused distraction technique.
If this had been a Japanese comedy act, this would be the part where she gave him a whack with a paper fan.
  But after giving it a second thought, she realized Soujyuro didn't have the capacity for understanding old, or even new, tricks.
"What are you..."
  Perhaps his honest disposition had been to his benefit.
  Without thinking, Aoko gave in to her curiosity and turned her gaze toward the direction in which his finger was pointed.
  And there...
  Something that should not have been there in the maze. Something with a creaking, wooden smile...
  It was the ominous, creepy, uncanny figure of a girl.
"A... puppet?"
  An unusual figure with two arms and two legs stood silently in the darkness.
  If only for a moment, its beauty―which was even apparent from afar―dulled the insanity of the current situation.
  Extend. Extend. Extend.
  The utterly unknown threat made Aoko freeze on the spot.
  Avoiding it didn't even occur to her. Humans possess intelligence and knowledge, but when confronted with the unknown, they fail to process what to do, and―
"AaaAAAhhhHHH!!!"
  A shriek escaped Aoko's mouth.
  The magical attack crossed the thirty-foot gap in an instant.
  The arm of the "girl" who had appeared at the rear of the corridor was slender and quick. It extended to a near-impossible length, striking Aoko from behind.
"Gnnngh!"
  Aoko crashed into the wall as she fought back an anguished whimper.
  The attacker retracted her arm.
"Aozaki!"
  Soujyuro sprang to his feet.
  He darted to her side and used all the strength he could muster to get her to her feet.
"..."
  He could not believe how light she was.
  In Soujyuro's mind, Aoko was an extraordinary individual.
  He'd expected that if he were to ever touch her, it would be apparent she was far stronger than he.
But in reality, she felt about as heavy as you would expect a hundred-pound girl to feel.
  Meanwhile,
  that thing continued to reel in its arm, as if it were some sort of mechanism.
  Having extended more than thirty feet from the elbow joint, it clanked as it returned to its previous shape and size.
"Are you okay?"
"...Are you for real? How can you even look at me like that right now?"
  Aoko tore her hand away from Soujyuro's.
  Suddenly, she felt her knees buckle from under her, but Soujyuro caught her before she could hit the ground and helped her to her feet.
"Don't push yourself too hard. ...So, do you know this thing?"
  He looked back at the eerie shadow thirty feet away as it finished retracting its arm.
"...Yeah. I fought one of its friends a while back."
  Aoko grabbed her lower back as she answered.
"Aaah!"
  A searing pain shot through her.
"It's just a bruise. How can it hurt THIS much?
  It could have killed me, catching me off guard like that. Or maybe it can't kill from that distance...?
  No, that can't be it. I must be missing something..."
  Aoko tried to steady her breathing as she assessed the damage done to her back.
  The pain was quick to fade and her breathing returned to normal.
  For the time being, her motor functions were no longer hindered.
  Which meant the real damage was elsewhere...
"Ah, Aozaki! You're―"
"Ugh, I know. Just shut up already."
  Blue light glowed across the gloom.
  The magical energy generated by her breathing was accumulating in her right arm.
  If magical energy was the fuel, the formula was the igniter.
  For Aoko, this was little more than a reenactment of two evenings ago.
  Next time the puppet extended its arm, Aoko would fire a magic bullet as fast as she could.
  A battle at approximately thirty feet.
  As long as Aoko could secure a two-second window, she could create a counterattack to end their duel.
  It made its move.
  With its head tilted down, there was no expression to be seen. And in the darkness, its apparent age was impossible to make out.
  To the two humans, the puppet was not dissimilar to a faceless ghost.
  Its left arm slowly came up with a grinding sound.
  Its movements were dull, as if the joints were rusty.
  The right arm, which had been extended earlier, hung at its side.
  Though the puppet's mouth was hidden by its long locks, the sense was that it was smiling.
"It's changing it up. It's attacking from the left!"
"Move it, Sizuki!"
  She threw herself into Soujyuro and extended her hand.
  Its arm extended at that very moment.
  The timing was impeccable.
  In a single second, Aoko's Snap bullet scored a direct hit on the puppet's arm, throwing off its trajectory and sending it crashing into the puppet's body with a violent explosion.
  ...Or at least, that is what would have happened had the magic formula been invoked.
"Huh?!"
  She barely avoided being struck once again.
  When her magecraft failed her, intuition took over, and she just managed to get away.
"She got me! She knew what I was going to do!"
  She clenched her teeth in frustration, her thoughts racing a mile a minute.
  Fight or flight?
  It only had one arm left, which would take time to retract.
  This was the best shot Aoko had at defeating it.
  If she could evade the right arm just a fraction, she could get close enough to...
                  "<Vivo in somno. Solitarie putresco in inferis|In slumber, I live. In dirt, I rot, alone>.
      <Hic dies meus obitus dies, et meus nativus dies. Te obeam.|Today is the day I died and was born. I come to you.>"
  A crackle echoed through the corridor.
  The poetic murmurs contained enough magical energy for a mage to perceive.
  The verse itself was Latin, but it contained hints of the language of curses―Gandr.
  Originally, they were words meant to curse a hated adversary.
  However...
              "<Mea anima immortalis. Autem mea futura necata sunt|My life is immortal, though my future was destroyed.>.
                    <Manes sum. Animam definire ambiguum est|I am a ghost. The definition of life is ethereal.>.
                <Te odi, et te amo. Conveniamus in somnio ipso.|I hate you. I love you. Let us meet in a dream.>"
  ...The puppet was directing the words at itself.
  Curses beget curses. The victim calls down a curse on the assailant, creating a vicious cycle of negativity.
  The incantation was meant to do just that.
  However, this was ultimately a one-puppet show.
  An unprecedented source of power akin to autointoxication.
  As unbelievable as it seemed, the cycle of curses had been turned into a perpetual motion device.
"You've got to be kidding me. Isn't this overkill!?"
  Aoko abandoned the idea of digging her heels in.
  It was time to flee with all due haste.
"What do you think you're doing?! Come on!"
  She grabbed Soujyuro's hand and ran as fast as she could, deeper into the realm of mirrors.
  The crackling voice continued its murmuring behind them.
    "<Proximi mihi neglegentes fuerunt. Omnes nos peccantes fuimus|My neighbors neglected me.>,
        <et omnes nos eidem fuimus, omnes nos peccatores sumus|Not an innocent among us, we are all sinners.>.
                    <Venite domum meam. Luto simile somnium|We are all sinners. Welcome to my house.>,
                      <et pulveri simile cotidianum. Cor privo.|May we die a muddy death. From dust to dust. Gouge out my heart.>"
                                      "<Death be upon you.|Te iudico.>"
  Aoko fought against the pain in her back as she ran through the mirrored corridor.
  She dragged Soujyuro by the hand.
"Aozaki, are you okay?"
"...My spine is numb, but it could be worse. My internal organs seem fine, and I don't think I'm bleeding internally."
  She cursed inwardly at how much of a mess she felt, though.
  Unlike Soujyuro, Aoko did not run into any transparent walls,
  thanks not to superior sight, but rather preparation―she'd hammered the layout of the building into her memory.
"...You're really okay? How can you tell?"
"Because it's my body. One of the first things a mage learns is how to keep track of your body."
  Aoko's matter-of-fact answer contrasted with Soujyuro's nervous questioning.
  The corridor grew shorter with each and every left turn.
  At first, they were able to advance in a straight line for about a hundred feet at a time.
  But by now, they were forced to turn a corner every fifty feet or so.
"Is that the one from... the other night?"
"Probably the same pattern, at least. Whoever's behind it must be pretty wealthy to be throwing a valuable automaton around like it's a toy."
"..."
  Soujyuro furrowed his brows.
  He was grateful that she was answering his questions, but baffled by the strange words she was using.
"Hold up, Aozaki. We've been running for a long time.
  We're a good corner ahead of it. We can afford to rest a moment."
  His words suggested that he was still concerned about her injuries.
  Aoko shook her head in irritation.
"Not enough against something with that kind of range. We need to keep running until we're two or three turns clear, at least."
  Soujyuro nodded.
  With that matter settled, he asked,
"Why didn't you leave me behind?"
"Why do you think? So you couldn't get away, idiot."
  Answering curtly, Aoko glared at her naïve prey.
  The two of them headed for the next corner.
  Their legs began to slow as they rounded one more.
  Aoko rubbed her back as she tried to catch her breath.
  Though Aoko had insisted that she was fine, it appeared to have been bravado.
  Even the usually clueless Soujyuro felt the desperation they were in.
"..."
  He stood behind Aoko with his arms folded.
  While they had a moment, he tried to make sense of everything.
  First, Aoko had nearly killed him.
  Though he was saved at the last possible second, it was by the strange, stretchy woman Aoko had burned to ashes two nights prior.
  He could barely make it out that night, but he considered it a "her" because it looked female.
  The woman's attack wounded Aoko's back and forced her to flee.
  Aoko had taken Soujyuro with her, claiming that the reason she did so was to prevent her prey from escaping.
  In other words...
"You haven't given up, have you, Aozaki?"
"Of course not! Even if I had to face two of those things, I'd still have plenty left to take care of the likes of you."
  Her tone was sharp, but even Soujyuro could see that she was struggling to stay confident.
  The damage to her body was too much to afford her any optimism.
"..."
  Still, the fury in her eyes refused to accept her circumstances.
"My Magic Circuits are shorting out like crazy...
  Which means that right arm of hers must be jamming my spells."
  Though the proper response would have been for her to tremble in fear, she did nothing but shake her fists in anger.
  The disruption of formulae was only supposed to work on absolute beginners.
  If it had been her roommate, the arm would have been repelled the instant it hit her and the attacker's circuits burned out, rather than her own.
  Attempting to establish a link to the Magic Circuits of another mage was like presenting your heart on a silver platter. It would be of no use in a battle against a superior mage.
  And yet, her adversary had been designed to do just that.
  Coupled with the attacks on areas of Misaki under Aoko's jurisdiction these last few weeks, it was a clear statement from the enemy, who had revealed itself as a fellow mage two days ago.
  In other words,
  the puppet saw Aoko as no threat at all.
"...Hmph. Played right into their hands, huh."
  While she was still angry, the whirlwind of emotions within her started to fade.
  Her face was that of a hunter far beyond her years.
"You seem to be more concerned about this thing than you were about hunting me."
"Well, naturally. I was only playing with you."
"...Hm."
  Soujyuro was not sure whether to be happy or sad at that.
"This is all so confusing that I don't even know where to start, but can I ask just one question?"
  Aoko didn't respond. Her eyes were focused on the darkness before them.
  The silence was heavy, and the darkness was like a noose closing in on them.
  But Soujyuro continued in spite of her indifference.
"Are you going to kill her, too, Aozaki?"
  A stillness fell over them.
  It was as if the gloom was pulling them in.
"..."
  No response.
  Their breathing was the only sound echoing in the dim corridor.
  There stood Soujyuro, forcing her to confront her sins, and the magician girl who continued to ignore him.
They spent a few seconds, seemingly frozen in time.
"...Yes.
  That's a sticking point for you, isn't it?"
  Aoko whispered in a lifeless tone.
  Her sigh was tinged with both resignation and contempt.
"A sticky... what?"
"Nothing. Forget it.
  But just so you know, that thing that's following us isn't human.
  You might not believe this, but it's a puppet that can move of its own will. Just like the one from the other night."
  Soujyuro nodded as he processed the information.
  Not only did he not doubt her story, but he seemed to have accepted it at face value.
"...You're awfully calm."
"No way. I have no idea what's going on, so I'm just trying not to think too hard about it.
The part about it being a puppet isn't too surprising to me, though."
"What? Are you saying you've seen one before!?"
"What do you mean? Aren't all puppets in the city like that?"
"Wha..."
  She barely stopped herself from falling to her knees.
  Of course. How could she have forgotten?
She was dealing with a bona fide, natural-born moron.
  As a student who transferred from the isolation of the mountains like an endangered species, his utter lack of common sense rendered anything miraculous as mundane.
  If automobiles were moving hunks of metal, then moving puppets were nothing to write home about.
  Wait. That meant...
  To him, the incident from the other night hadn't been extraordinary at all.
  He might have even assumed it was an everyday occurrence in the city.
"...I give up. You know, I'd really like to get a look inside your head someday. I honestly have no idea how you've made it this far in life.
  No wonder you're such a weirdo. Normally, people wouldn't react the way you did when I attacked you.
I could have been a monster or a ghost, but for you, it was just another new fact of life.
  ...I'm starting to feel like the real moron here."
  Her strained face returned to normal for a moment.
  It hit her; there had been another way to handle this without anyone getting hurt.
  But the damage had already been done.
  There were no do-overs in life, nor should there be.
  Her own mistaken assumptions had sent that situation spiraling out of control.
  But now that Soujyuro was involved, she had to make sure that her secret was safe with him.
  Even if there had been another, better option, that ship had sailed.
  Human relationships were ultimately driven by mutual misunderstandings;
  they were like tapestries, woven from mismatched intentions.
  Breaktime was over.
  There stood Aoko Aozaki and Soujyuro Sizuki.
  Their first ever idle conversation had come to an end, not that they had a choice in the matter.
  It was the jarring murmuring from around the corner that cut it short.
    "<Nemo meum funus meminit, qui doluit exstinctus est|Nobody remembers my funeral. My mourners have long since perished.>.
                    <Initio erraveramus. Dum vivimus dolores sunt|We were born wrong. Life is suffering.>.
                                          <Nemo adiuvat|Somebody save me.>."
  The enemy was just around the corner, visible in the mirrors parallel to it.
"...We don't have time for this. We need to keep our dist―
 Huh!?"
  In contrast to Aoko's elegant blues, its lights were a malicious red.
"Gandr Shots!"
  There was a momentary flash of light, before she even extended her arm.
  But the instant she saw the enemy, her dormant feelings erupted once more.
"You're a real pain in the ass!"
  She channeled all of her pent-up anger and shunted it into her right arm.
  The fog that filled the corridor was no magical weaving, but rather a barrier of raw energy.
  It was equivalent to setting ablaze three buckets of gasoline to create a wall of fire, in the hope it would stop an arrow in flight.
  If the puppet had attacked with its arm, it could have pierced such a wall easily. But, because it had loosed curses with no definite form, the wall of energy repelled the attack.
  While it was a huge waste of magical energy, it was the only means Aoko had to protect herself at that very moment.
"...Urgh."
  Unfortunately, its protection was reserved for Aoko alone.
  Soujyuro held his hand to his mouth.
  While the curse had been weakened to the point where Aoko could no longer feel it, it had plenty of effect on Soujyuro, who was not a mage.
  As if it understood this fact, the puppet turned its gaze from Aoko to the unanticipated human behind her.
"T-this has nothing to do with him!"
  Enraged, she swung her arm forward once again.
  The blue light formed a wall to block the Gandr for a scant few seconds.
  It was enough of an opening to exploit.
  Just as Aoko was forming the wall, the puppet pointed its right arm at her face, and...
"This apparently does have something to do with me. Time to run."
  Before the rocket of death could be fired, Soujyuro scooped her up into his arms.
"Huh?!"
  How he mustered the strength to do so was a mystery, but he turned his back on the puppet and took off running.
  He was a nimble sprinter, resembling a deer leaping across obstacles.
  Soujyuro rounded two more corners,
  ignored whatever complaints Aoko was making,
  and eventually stopped in the middle of the second floor. He set her down.
"...All right. I bought us enough time to rest a bit."
  Soujyuro's shoulders heaved as he caught his breath.
  As light as she was, running while carrying someone else would make anyone winded.
  She looked up at him in incomprehension.
"You had that much stamina all along? Then why...?"
  It made no sense to her.
  If he had the stamina to pick her up and run, surely he could have stood up and escaped when he had been downed earlier.
"Oh, that time I had given up."
  His words were unfiltered as ever.
  Though right then, fighting for their lives, he lacked some of his usual absentmindedness.
"...But why?"
"Who knows? I've forgotten already."
  Though he may have turned away because he regretted saying it aloud, his words spoke volumes.
  For some reason, it pained Aoko to see him like that.
"Also, Aozaki? I'm suddenly feeling really ill.
  Was it that red light?"
"...Yes. A form of magecraft. They're called Gandr Shots. A curse that originated in Scandinavia. It has no effect on someone with Magic Circuits like myself, but you're defenseless against it."
"...I see. It doesn't work on you.
  Then that arm is the only thing that poses a threat."
"..."
  Aoko had no idea why he was relieved, but she gritted her teeth and fought down the urge to snap at him.
  There was no use in yelling at a time like this.
  Above all, she felt that it would have been petty in the extreme to voice her annoyance right now.
"...You're right. The extending arm is the only thing I have to worry about. So it's not that tough after all."
  This time it was not false bravado.
  Such an enemy would normally be a breeze for Aoko Aozaki.
  But her shameful negligence had led to the disruption of her Magic Circuits, making her even less formidable than her enemy.
  At this point, Aoko had no way of attacking.
  The only option left to her was to wait for it to expend all of its magical energy, but its perpetual curse mechanism made that a non-starter.
  This game of tag would not end until one of them was dead.
  She realized that she was in the same position she had cornered Soujyuro in earlier.
  She glanced at her right arm.
  She could not imagine how she had gotten into such a mess with her magical energy at more than half of its capacity.
  This had to be karma for having enjoyed toying with Soujyuro earlier.
"...Hah. Maybe there is a god after all."
  She grumbled under her breath as she shifted her focus.
  She had the fuel for the fire but not the igniter.
  And that killing machine would chase her until the end of time if need be.
  What she should do next was blindingly clear.
  She had to get back to normal.
"...Aozaki?"
"Sorry, I was thinking.
Hmm, maybe that could... Okay, Sizuki, I've got it. You see that side passage over there?"
"Huh?"
  Aoko pointed, but he could see nothing but the walls of the corridor.
  For one thing, the floor had nothing but left turns, and Aoko was pointing to the right.
"At the center of the second floor is a stairway down to the first floor, which I destroyed earlier so you couldn't use it.
  But there's another path that leads to the right, like this place is taunting you by design. It's a secret shortcut that only the hardcore fans know about.
  If you search carefully, you can find a way to the stairs down to the first floor. Now do as I say and go on without me."
  Aoko turned her back to Soujyuro and started walking.
  Walking in the opposite direction of the escape route and down the long corridor toward the puppet in pursuit.
"That thing'll kill anything it sees, so I have to destroy it here and now. It's okay for two mages to fight each other, but dragging normal people into the conflict is strictly forbidden.
  I'm the target, so this the best outcome for everyone, don't you think?"
  If Aoko won, the puppet would be destroyed.
  If Aoko lost, its objective would be complete, and it would shut down.
  Either way, them going their separate ways would mean Soujyuro survived.
  This is what Aoko meant.
  Though she explained it as if the events were happening to two totally different people.
"If you're lucky enough, you'll make it back to the gate in one piece.
  So, see you tomorrow then."
  Even Soujyuro could tell she was just trying to act tough.
  But she had already disappeared around the corner by the time he thought to stop her.
"...Well, then."
  Mentally, Aoko bemoaned the disaster she was in.
  The quality of this puppet was on a completely different level compared to the one from the park two days ago.
  An auto-incanting perpetual motion machine was a rarity in and of itself, but this puppet was also equipped for battle with its extending arms and Gandr-projecting crystalline eyes.
  It was a first-class product that, if put on the market, would sell for hundreds of millions of yen.
  Although, that was only when factoring in its value as an antique.
  For the purposes of combat, it would have made more sense to mobilize a significantly less expensive familiar.
  To use such a precious commodity as a tool for murder marked this puppet's master as a completely different breed of crazy from the enemies she had faced up until now.
  "Vivo in somno. Solitarie putresco in inferis.
    Hic dies meus obitus dies, et meus nativus dies. Te obeam."
"...Here it comes."
  A sound of a crackling music box filled the air.
  The automata, animated by its own curses, approached.
  The corridor measured approximately thirty feet in length. Aoko lay in wait around a corner further down the hall, anticipating the puppet's appearance.
  This was not to buy Soujyuro time to escape. Far from it.
  Aoko had concluded that she couldn't make a break for it under the current circumstances.
  Even if she did try to escape, and―by some miracle―made it out of the house of mirrors, that was as far as she would go.
  Outside, with no cover, Aoko would quickly be overtaken and skewered from behind.
  As long as her magecraft was disabled, escape was impossible.
  Instead, she chose to force the enemy back.
  Her situation was not the most favorable, but neither was the puppet's.
  Though this narrow hall gave Aoko no place to run, it in turn prevented the puppet from reaching full speed.
  That was the weak point of this machine.
  Automata of its era had a tendency to struggle with minute changes in speed.
"...<Connecting|Set.>."
  She flowed energy into her shorted circuits.
  Her blood flow and magical energy supply were unstable.
  It would be difficult to construct a formula in this state.
  All she could do was harden her right arm by imbuing it with as much energy as she could.
Doing so turned her arm into an improvised weapon like a hammer or bat. Assuming she could manage to get into close-combat range, this was the best she could do.
  All she needed now was a plan of attack.
  The question wasn't what weapon to use, but how to use the weapon she had.
  The simplest way would be to use the mirrors' reflections to hide and then rush the puppet from its blind spot... except for one major problem.
  It did not have a sense of sight in the first place.
  The puppet's view of the world around it did not stem from visual feedback, but from mapping the topography of its surroundings.
  In theory, it was the same as a bat's echolocation. The environment could be measured based on the emission and return of high-frequency sound waves.
  Those chants served as sensor pulses. As far as the puppet was concerned, the mirrors were no better than transparent panes, making even the thought of an ambush laughable.
(...The closer it gets, the more it's able to sense me.  I'd really rather fight it at a distance, but... if it's shooting Gandr, it's probably got at least a Finn Shot up its sleeve, too.)
  Gandr was Scandinavian in origin and, considering its simplicity, highly versatile. It was most effective at impairing a target's health by pointing a finger.
  As a single-action magecraft, it was limited to only causing illness, but there was a secret technique said to be the greatest mastery of the Gandr Shot...
  The Finn Shot.
  It could do more than cause simple illness. It was a deadly curse that could stop the heart.
"...Nnngh."
  The wound on her back set her nerves on fire.
  An unarmed girl and a deadly automaton.
  It was clear that she was the one destined for death.
  She considered her slim chances of survival.
  When...
  A vision sent chills down her spine.
"..."
  Quietly, using everything she could to clamp down on the feeling, Aoko faced her all-too-familiar illusion.
  She clenched her teeth to keep them from making a deafening clatter.
  But there, the sensation of fingers crawling up her neck. Behind her the specter stared and laughed.
  This alone made Aoko want to bolt. On top of it all, when Aoko tried to mentally simulate the coming fight,, she estimated a two in ten chance of dying in the first five seconds.
  ...Twenty percent. At times, her predictions were harsher than reality.
  If Aoko fought the puppet ten times, she would die twice. She could not stop herself from visualizing her own corpse.
"..."
  She imagined herself collapsing, crumpling under the puppet's curse.
  Her eyeballs swollen like a blowfish, blood and other fluids oozing from every bodily orifice.
 One in five, one in five, one in five...
 A one in ten chance of death was bad enough, but one in five!? It drove her crazy.
"...But..."
  Aoko forced down her heart as it tried to escape from her mouth.
  Taking in a deep breath, she peered at her own reflection.
  She thought back to that white night, half a year ago.
  This, she decided, was nothing compared to that.
  Six months ago, at the Kuonji Estate...
  The hound of white roses, the Wandersnatch that appeared from within the thick fog, had killed Aoko a hundred times out of ten. 
"Mea anima immortalis. Autem mea futura necata sunt.
  Manes sum. Animam definire ambiguum est."
  A dark curse shattered Aoko's daydream.
  It was only thirty feet away.
  The puppet rounded the corner.
  Either side stood in the shadows, their forms indistinct.
  The puppet gave no warning.
  Without preamble, it swiftly fired a Gandr barrage.
  Just as Aoko planned, the curses fizzled out as they hit her mist-like barrier of magical energy.
  The protection would only last a few seconds.
  Giving her just enough time to...
(...Come on!)
  Its stretchable spear sprang toward Aoko's face!
"Bingo!"
  The lethal weapon grazed her cheek.
  All her experience analyzing puppet attack patterns gave her the wherewithal to evade the attack by a hair's breadth.
  It was one thing if a puppeteer were pulling the strings, but autonomous dolls had their limitations.
  Aoko had bet everything on this killing machine following a predefined template. The puppet would use a given attack for a given range, and she could adjust her tactics to that.
(Now's my chance!)
  Before its arm had a chance to fully retract, she charged the puppet.
  It was a risky gamble, but her overall chances were slim to begin with.
  The scales tipped in her favor.
  If her predictions were correct, there were two ways she would die. One was from a Finn Shot fired at that range.
  And the other...
  The other was if the puppet's attack pattern was beyond her ability to foresee.
  Instantaneous mass transfer.
Otherwise known as mass displacement.
  Immediately after Aoko dodged the puppet's arm,
  something smashed into her abdomen.
"GAH!"
  The head-on collision from its shoulder felt like a rocket.
  But where had the ability to propel itself come from?
  Puppets like this were not built to have the ability to jet around like that.
"Hah... hah..."
  Doing everything in her power to stay conscious in spite of the pain, Aoko could just make out what had happened.
(It wasn't propelled, it was pulled!)
  Yes. The puppet's arm had not returned to its body. It was lodged in the wall and reeled itself in from the other direction.
(It... it can do that?!)
  Swallowing her surprise, she hastily pulled herself back up.
  Her abdomen, specifically her diaphragm, had been dealt a significant blow.
The attack left her disoriented.
Thankfully, the puppet was surprisingly lightweight.
Her bones and organs were intact, and she had sustained no life-threatening damage. She was having a hard time breathing, however.
She was shaken, though she managed to keep her calm. In another two seconds, she'd be back on her feet―no, that was two seconds too long!
  She told herself to calm down, that she was already calm. She'd only briefly lost her bearings, she was fine, she could recover her breath and her vision later if only her body would MOVE―
"Intellectus non necessarius est. Pius quiescat.^ O nostra essentia ablata fuit,^ratio fixa tantum est.^ Doloris initium cerebrum fuit."
  Above her Aoko could hear the warped noise of a powerful force.
(Come on legs, move! We've got to get to... to... Where!?)
  She could once more feel the touch of death.
"<Grant us salvation.|Iis salvatio.> <Grant us salvation.|Iis salvatio.> <Grant us salvation.|Iis salvatio.>"
  The puppet was so close that Aoko could reach out and touch it.
  That also meant that it could reach out and kill Aoko.
(I need to get my right arm into its blind spot!)
  By intuition alone Aoko rolled over to the puppet's right flank.
  Its arm was still embedded within the wall.
  From here it could not attack. She had made the right decision, and her dizziness faded.
                      "<Intellectus non necessarius est. Pius quiescat|Cast off righteousness. Lay piety to rest.>.
                                  <  O nostra essentia ablata fuit|We beasts are meant to consume each other. Life is but a decoration.>,
                    <ratio fixa tantum est. Doloris initium cerebrum fuit.|Throw away your intellect. Pain powers the mind.>"
  Aoko pulled herself back up. It was her turn.
(What...?)
  It was only an instant.
Within this labyrinth of mirrors she saw an image of herself.
                                          
"<We die.|Iis salvatio>..."
  A blinding, brilliant light flashed.
  Lacerations appeared across the walls.
  At the last moment, Aoko managed to thicken the magical energy running through her veins into a primitive form of magecraft resistance. It just barely saved her life from what must have been the puppet's ace in the hole.
"Why you...!"
  The puppet bore a striking resemblance to Aoko.
  This powerful curse was not satisfied with stopping Aoko's heart, but destroying her entire being.
  Aoko did not even have the time to be shocked.
  This was her chance for a counter-attack.
  The puppet's balance was unsteady, its right arm still embedded in the wall.
  Aoko prepared to give its defenseless body a strong kick, but her knees buckled and she collapsed into a heap on the floor.
                "<Vivo in somno. Solitarie putresco in inferis|In slumber, I live. In dirt, I rot, alone>.
          <Hic dies meus obitus dies, et meus nativus dies. Te obeam.|Today is the day I died and was born. I come to you.>"
  A sudden nausea and light-headedness overcame Aoko.
  Her body temperature began to rapidly lower.
(This... whole... time... It was spreading its curses the whole time!)
  She noticed too late.
  The puppet's curses circled the hall.
  The cursed chant that the puppet used as a source of power doubled as a defense mechanism, crippling those who drew near with illness.
  She bore the full brunt the entire time she was in close proximity to it.
  Although Aoko had Magic Circuits, she was succumbing just as Soujyuro had.
  Languidly, she forced her deteriorating body to jump back.
"I'm not done yet!"
  With all the energy she could muster, she forced her way past the exhaustion caused by the curse.
"...Ah."
  However, Aoko's blood pressure took a steep nose dive, not from the curse-induced anemia, but from what appeared in front of her.
  They stood in perfect harmony.
  In front of Aoko was the automata that shared her face, its left arm held out like an arrow.
  The deadly weapon shot forward and honed in on her heart.
  Then, a moment before it made contact...
"Watch out!"
  The moment she heard that fearless voice, completely out of place in this storm of violence, Aoko's body was pulled forcefully to one side.
  Once again, the extending arm cut through empty air.
  While the puppet quickly retracted its left arm, Soujyuro took the brief opportunity to take Aoko by the hand and flee at full speed.
  Soujyuro ran through the corridor as fast as he could, only stopping when he had put enough distance between them and the puppet.
"I was thinking and..."
  Though he had saved her, she looked angry rather than grateful.
This did not keep Soujyuro from saying his piece.
"Tomorrow is going to be a really busy day for me, so..."
  In other words, let's finish this today.
  A rather awkward proposal.
"..."
  Aoko remained silent.
  She was also rather angry,
  not that she could not figure out what made him tick,
  nor because he'd returned after escaping.
  Not even because he was spouting his typically airheaded lines.
  ...It was, she supposed, that instant.
  The fact that when he grabbed her hand, her mind had gone completely blank-Aoko found it unforgivable.
  Which beckoned the response...
"Are you insane?"
  In the heat of the moment, she blurted it before she could stop herself.
"Or maybe you've got a death wish? Don't you realize that either of us could kill you with a snap of a finger?
  At the very least, I don't owe you a damn thing.
  Saving my life doesn't change a thing between us."
  Soujyuro nodded, clearly unperturbed.
"Don't worry, Aozaki. If tonight taught me anything, it's that you're more ruthless than that."
"..."
  She found herself slightly offended.
"But I think you need to get one thing straight.
  That thing isn't just trying to kill you. I think it's trying to kill me as well."
  She was having none of it.
  Her eyes shot daggers his way.
"And before you chew me out, you need to know something. Do you remember the first-floor entrance at the end of that long corridor?
  Well, it's blocked. I tried my best to find a way out, but no luck. There was no choice but to turn right back."
  Aoko's eyes widened ever so slightly in amazement.
  She felt admiration, rather than shock, that her enemy would go to such lengths.
"And besides, it was hostile to me too earlier. I could tell by how it was glaring at me.
  ...Well, it happened so fast that I didn't really get a good look at it, but it was really unsettling. You should be careful. That thing... she sure has a terrifying face."
"...Gee, thanks."
"You bet. I mean, I can't pretend like this isn't happening to me.
  Whichever of you wins, I'm a dead man either way, right?"
"...I can't argue with that. If it's willing to go as far as to seal off the entrance, then it'd probably kill any witnesses as well. At least, that's what I'd do."
"Right? And I don't want her to be the one who kills me."
"Wait, what?"
  His words were decisive.
  As Aoko looked up at him, she could swear he was trying to encourage her.
  It was then that she realized.
  Soujyuro was looking even worse than before.
"Hey. Are you okay?"
"Well, I'm better than if I'd drunk an entire bottle of soy sauce."
  He tried to make light of the situation, but his forehead was clearly drenched in sweat.
(Right. It's because he was close to the puppet just now.)
  How could he possibly be able to withstand a curse that made even Aoko nauseous?
  She bit her lip, annoyed at herself for not noticing this earlier.
  Soujyuro was such an airhead that she hadn't even paused to consider his plight.
"...Why didn't you consider trying to hide down in the basement?
  That would have been the safest bet, wouldn't it?"
  She really could not understand him at all.
"You should really take your own advice sometimes, Aozaki.
  ...But hey, this is no time to be chatting. She could catch up at any moment."
  He turned to look down the corridor.
  The crackling sounds of a music box could be heard creeping forth from the darkness.
"I was thinking about this while I was on the first floor earlier. If it kills you, I'm next. That's why we should deal with it first."
"...
  What are you getting at?"
  She asked a question to which she already knew the answer.
  She did it to put him to the test.
  If he wavered even a little, she would have killed him where he stood.
"My proposal is if I agree to help you kill that thing, will you let me go?"
"...I thought I'd made it clear that helping me wasn't going to change my mind.
And besides, what do you think you're going to do to it, anyway?"
"Oh, that's your end of the bargain, Aozaki. This is your area of expertise, right?"
  The commander who had the overall picture was responsible for delegating roles to their teammates.
  It was futile to depend on someone who was unable to grasp the situation or evaluate the enemy's strength. Soujyuro was proud to share that he knew this.
"..."
  He spoke the truth. Aoko was the only one who knew both Soujyuro and the automata.
  That was why he pointed out that following her orders to the best of his ability was the only thing he could do.
  It may have seemed as though Soujyuro had surrendered his capacity for self-thought, but in accepting that he was helpless, he was in fact giving Aoko his complete trust.
"Fine, then. So you'll do exactly what I tell you to do?"
"I will. And just so you know, I'm not doing this out of a sense of obligation or anything.
  It's just obvious that neither of us had a chance on our own. This isn't goodwill or kindness. It's a... transaction."
  His eyes sparkled, as if this was bartering in its truest form.
"...Oh my god."
  This child must have learned that from Tobimaru, Aoko thought.
  Though she refused to let him see it, she smiled inwardly.
Sure, he had gotten the best of her just now, but there were times when defeat was not the worse outcome in the world.
"Honest pay for honest work. Makes sense.
  And... I hate to admit it, but..."
  She relaxed her shoulders and sighed.
  Her face cracked into a wicked grin, as if her fears had suddenly washed away.
"Your plan is just my style."
  Aoko repaid Soujyuro's trust in equal measure.
  The melody stirred an emotion like nostalgia within them.
  Something once familiar but now lost to this world.
  They believed, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that it would play for all eternity.
  From opening stanza to final coda,
  it was a mysterious siren's song, merry yet longing, that heralded a return from dreams to reality.
  The night shook.
  A song was spun.
  Now, their lost paradise was unearthed.
  Abandoned dreams...
  Forsaken idols...
  They all responded to the cry of the blue cat.
  ...The name of that bell was Diddle Diddle, Banquet of the Night.
  All fables made possible,
  all marvels made real,
  by the magecraft of Alice Kuonji, more magical than magic itself.
"...How selfish of you.
  Is that something you can really decide on your own, Aoko?"
  Alice sat perched atop the clock tower like a black bird of ill omen.
  She smoothed the ruffles of her skirt as if she were preening. 
"...Alice."
  There was tension in Aoko's voice as she lifted her head.
  The calm atmosphere from a moment prior had long since been shooed away by Alice's gaze.
"That girl... I've seen her somewhere before."
  Soujyuro searched his hazy memory.
  He could not clearly make out her face at this distance, but he was sure he had seen her around town a number of times.
  Where and when eluded him, however, as the tension in the air kept him from connecting all the dots.
"...Well, isn't this a turn of events. I didn't know you cared so much, Alice.
  I thought you were going to leave tonight to me."
  Aoko readied her guard and took half a step forward.
  Unconsciously.
  From an objective standpoint, it almost looked as though she were protecting the figure beside her.
"..."
  Alice's silence grew ever heavier.
  Her eyes, fixed on the ground below her, were devoid of emotion.
  An indescribable sense of dread and pressure laid claim over the plaza.
"...A bell...?"
  If he strained his ears, he could make out the faint ringing of a bell echoing in the distance.
  The rippling soundwave seemed, unbelievably, to be emanating from under the ground.
"Hey Aozaki, that girl... She's―"
"Quiet."
"..."
  Soujyuro stepped back, trying to stay out of the way.
  It was as though he had been told to go to hell
  for the crime of asking if the girl was Aoko's friend.
"I wouldn't go as far as to say I cared. I simply had a feeling something might be wrong and came to check.
  It's not as though I had any doubts regarding your ability to handle the job."
"Much appreciated. It would have been nice if you had thought to come check just a bit earlier, though.
  ...As you can see, things seem to have worked themselves out.
  It's late, so don't let me keep you, Alice. Since you have no doubts about my ability, right?"
  Their eyes locked on one another.
  Alice's stare was uncomfortably cold.
  Aoko's was bold, daring Alice to air her complaints.
"...I think I've changed my mind.
  I'm here now, so why don't the two of us go home? That's more your style anyway, Aoko. You can tell me all about your adventures with the puppet on the way."
"Ha! What's that supposed to mean?
  Go home, Alice. Shut yourself in your room and make some more of your worthless birds."
"..."
  A disappointed sigh escaped Alice's delicate lips.
  It seemed that the black-clad girl was more astonished than angry.
"...Aoko. I hate to say this, but... seriously?"
  Quietly,
  Alice questioned her roommate of nearly two years.
"..."
"...You surprise me. Did you not say we would protect our secret together?
  Are you still having trouble letting go of the other side? Or has compassion taken hold of you?"
"Not at all. This isn't compassion―I just feel like doing it this way.
  No plan survives contact with the enemy, you know that. The same goes for my mood.
Besides, who goes out of her way to keep a promise
she made forever ago? A little old-fashioned, if you ask me."
  The proverbial knives were out, now.
  No quarter was given nor taken.
  Sadly, their partnership was one of convenience, and had not reached the level of mutual understanding.
  Their version of friendship was both delicate and unique. When a conflict of opinion arose, each would refuse to budge until the other crumbled.
  Neither was concerned for the other's plight, and at least for now, that was how they liked it.
"...You know, I've come to accept stupid outbursts like that from you."
  Once again she let out a sigh, even larger than the one before.
"Why don't we save this argument for later?
  I can make him disappear on my own."
  Finally, she struck straight to the point.
  As if making to move a chess piece, Alice lifted her slender finger.
"Hm?"
  Even this simple action seemed mysterious to Soujyuro, the same boy who had been hunted by his classmate Aoko Aozaki and borne witness to an automaton.
  Aoko's violence and an animated doll―
  Though perhaps far beyond the realm of logic, both these things were derived from reality. As surprised as he had been, there was no need to think of them as total mysteries.
  However...
  When the thing appeared out of thin air from a seemingly unrelated gesture, he had no word for it besides "mysterious."
  Soujyuro stood motionless, captivated by this stage performer's magic trick, as the girl's single-finger magecraft turned into an attack directed at him.
  A blue light flew from the side to repel it, annihilating it without a trace.
"Oh, crap."
  Aoko immediately regretted her reflexive shot.
"...What are you doing? You're not satisfied with breaking just our promise, so you must break the rules as well?"
  The already chilled midwinter air plunged below freezing.
  Alice looked calm and collected on the outside, but in reality she was sometimes even more hot-blooded than Aoko.
  This was especially true when it concerned her familiars.
  Accidentally breaking one would often result in a week of silent treatment,
  but against someone who maliciously destroyed her things, Alice was prone to retaliate without warning.
"Whoops. I figured I'd do that someday, but I couldn't have picked a worse time..."
  Aoko sighed at herself. Even she was exasperated by her own stupidity, yet she couldn't help but feel a pang of relief.
  She did not intend to make any excuses, and she had no regrets.
  If she had broken the rules, then so had Alice.
"Aoko."
"How do I put it..."
  If anything, this took a load off her mind.
  After all, now there was no going back.
  Aoko never intended to break her own rules.
  If there was anything for Aoko to regret, it was putting too little power into her shot.
"I have a problem with this guy dying tonight.
  So, can we reschedule the execution? What difference does a day make?"
  To Aoko, it was simply natural to take on a pro bono case in defense of an innocent suspect.
"...Is this personal?"
"So what if it is? You know that paying back my debts is pretty important to me."
"More important than our agreement?"
"Sure, depending on the time and place."
  Soujyuro's human rights had not yet entered the argument.
  The girls were busy pouring oil on each other's flames.
  The girl clad in black was the first to move―or rather, to erupt.
"...I see. I understand how you feel, Aoko.
  But I am going to have to kill him here.
  I believe that you would let him live.
  Shall I take that to mean you're ready to fight me for it?"
(...Hmph. You know damn well I'd rather not.)
  Aoko bit back the retort.
  She was very familiar with Alice's magecraft,
  and knew painfully well how many Mystics were hidden in Alice's tiny body.
  The odds of victory were essentially nonexistent.
  And once the first shot had been fired, Alice Kuonji was without mercy.
  Whether facing a roommate or a friend,
  a most beloved family member or a stranger,
  once Alice began to fight as a witch, she became a heartless, unflappable monster.
  Aoko advanced another half step forward as if to encourage herself.
  It was too late to back down now. The situation was no longer a trivial quarrel over a witness.
  The bedrock of their so-called friendship had nothing to do with their individual abilities, and everything to do with being equals in will.
  That is why, in order to stay true to herself, Aoko had no room for compromise or deception.
"Of course. I'm going to make sure this idiot lives, even if it means killing you. And besides..."
  Her Magic Circuits howled as they kicked into gear.
Her body, which had mostly been dormant during the battle with the puppet, ignited, preparing to demonstrate its true worth.
"We were going to end up killing each other in the end anyway!"
  Her courage overpowered any fear she had for her opponent.
  Tuning her body―her Magic Circuits―to become like the barrel of a gun, Aoko fired a magic bullet. It was an exceedingly basic magecraft formula.
  There was no nature interference: no creating of wind, parting of water, nor hastening of decay.
  It was simply the process of converting the imaginary activity known as magical energy into something real, before releasing it as heat.
  Thus Aoko's destructive power was equal to her supply of magical energy.
  The magic bullets she had used against Soujyuro were among the most basic single-action magecraft that did not require an incantation.
  At her present ability, Aoko's main mode of attack―her magic bullet―could be fired at three levels of power.
  These were at the second level.
  This required a double-action magecraft―a casting through activation of her crest combined with a simplified incantation.
  However...
  Without blinking, Alice dispersed the shot that Aoko had mustered all of her spirit to fire.
"..."
  Aoko tutted in frustration.
  A swift sneak attack that used a simplified incantation would not be enough to break Alice's guard.
"As stiff as ever, I see. Don't you think that shell is making you complacent?"
  Aoko provoked Alice in order to disguise her own lack of composure.
  Somehow Alice seemed delighted by Aoko's bravado.
"I suppose this is what they call 'fighting words.'
  I've never fought to the death for such a trivial reason."
"I'm really shocked. Humans are such conceited creatures."
  Alice giggled.
  Smiling with heartfelt amazement, Alice gestured her left hand toward the earth.
  <Stab.|Zap.> <Stab.|Zap.> <Stab.|Zap.> <Stab|Zap.>.
  Countless utensils shot out from underneath the cobblestones paving the plaza.
"Sizuki, get back!"
"...?"
  She grabbed his hand as she shouted, jumping backward before he even had a chance to respond.
  As if they had wills of their own, the utensils that had suddenly appeared from the ground gave chase.
  As the barrier of spears grew around them, Aoko and Soujyuro put some distance between themselves and the clock tower.
"That all you've got?"
  Just under thirty feet stood between them and Alice.
  The lethal weapons that had crumbled the stone beneath them fell short of what Aoko had anticipated.
  They now encircled the clock tower, making the scene look like the burning of a witch at the stake.
(Isn't this backwards? You'd expect the spears to try and stop us from escaping...)
  The path behind them was safe.
  If they wanted, they could try to make a break for the main gate and escape.
"Are you sure about this, Alice?
  Sorry, but if you're going to let me escape, I'm not going to pass the chance up."
  If she could just make it back to town, it would be Aoko's win.
  All she wanted to do was let Soujyuro get away for the night, so if she could get him back to the city it would be, for the most part, mission accomplished.
"...?"
  ...Or so she had thought.
  Without even offering a glance at her targets below, Alice carefully and lovingly pulled out a bottle from her pocket.
"A green... flask?
  Wait, that's... Damn it! Fire!"
  Her shot was deflected with ease.
  Gone was Aoko's earlier bravado.
  It was only natural―
  Aoko had indeed grown as a mage.
  Over the last two years of study, her studies had progressed well,
  and she'd more or less gotten a grasp on her roommate's tendencies and abilities.
  This had made her conceited enough to believe that, under favorable circumstances, she'd be able to show Alice a thing or two in a fight.
"Ah..."
  Alice uncorked the magical bottle.
  A gentle breeze caressed her cheek.
  Diddle Diddle fled as a new player stepped onto the stage.
  ...But from where would it enter?
  The sound of footsteps, a nostalgic parade, approached.
"No...way..."
  What emerged...
  was a miracle that Aoko Aozaki, an apprentice mage, had never witnessed.
  The dead came to life.
  The inanimate awakened.
  The woods were enveloped by the mists.
  Fire-breathing lizards lurked in the swamps.
  Puppets made merry at midnight.
  Alice Kuonji's slender fingers had transfigured the entirety of the park, as if gently stroking the back of an elderly cat.
    "Very well...
 Let us play pretend, Aoko."
  For one night, the wasteland of dashed hopes and dreams was restored to its former glory.
  It was an immortal monster ready to devour reality-
  a dark fairy tale that, once unleashed, would never let its prey escape.
"Run if you dare.
  I don't believe you'll get far, but if you can survive the night, I'll concede this round to you."
  Her declaration marked the start of a desperate battle.
  The witch in black laughed at her friend,
  her musical mirth filled with affection, sadness, and innocent delight.
  But hope was something ever fleeting.
  In fact, it lasted not even three hundred yards.
  The edge of the amusement park may well have been the edge of the world.
  Dozens of undulating horizons could be seen,
  crowding the sky like a giant cloud, or a thick curtain,
  or perhaps, groaning lips.
  It was the end of the road; the outer limit of an outrageous and fantastical realm.
  And yet...
  Aoko found it to be much like the last page of an enormous picture book.
"..."
  The sight turned her mind blank.
  "Well, this is about as bad as it gets," she thought.
  The Snark―this island of despair―had, at last, brought Aoko to her knees as she stared at the swelling border.
  The park indeed had an end.
  Even now, as Aoko and Soujyuro had expected, a fence divided the amusement park from the residential area neighboring it.
  It had both doubled in height and been made sturdier, another hurdle she had foreseen before even laying eyes on it.
  Expecting it to have been Snarkified, Aoko had come prepared to demolish an obstacle or two.
  But this...
  This construction before her went far beyond a mere wall.
  It was an ocean that separated the underworld from the mortal one.
  The iron fence was like a restless, surging sea.
  One or two walls could easily be toppled.
  Even ten or twenty could be dealt with one way or another.
  Between the power left in her body and that which filled the park, putting on a brave front was within her power. She could fully mobilize her circuits and her crest to the point of burnout in a last-ditch effort, like some reenactment of the parting of the Red Sea.
"But then that would be it."
  Even if a path could be opened, she would not have the energy left to walk it.
  And it was obvious what would become of her afterward.
  The residents would hardly forgive her for wreaking such havoc around their park. Like ants drawn to honey, they would swarm the helpless girl and tear her to pieces.
"..."
  Despondent and exhausted, she felt the faint sting of remorse.
  Escaping the park...
  Looking back on how they had gotten here, Aoko recognized that her choices had been her undoing.
  Under the golden full moon, beams of steel bent and merged like wire-frame sculptures.
  It was only a matter of time before the amusement park itself became one colossal monster.
  The horde of familiars, gathered in the plaza where Alice was, had formed an impenetrable blockade around her.
  Just above the head of the boy beside her, the whispering egg―called Scratch Dumpty―continued to shuffle what appeared on its surface.
"Aozaki!"
"Sizuki?"
  The boy's voice snapped Aoko out of her trance.
  If only for a moment.
  The stark reality of the situation quickly dawned on the novice mage―
  the sheer hopelessness of it all, as it ripped out and snatched away any will she had to resist.
"Let's head for the gate. It's hopeless here, but we might have a chance at the entrance.
  That Flat Snark thing. You said it has its own set of rules to follow, right?
Then, we need to think about the basics. The fence would have been impassable from the start, but the gate might still work as an entrance and exit."
  Soujyuro had not given in to panic.
  Aoko found herself honestly admiring Soujyuro's ability to analyze Snark's characteristics, given the circumstances.
  Now calm, she steeled her resolve.
"You're right. The gate is a good option.
  But just getting there will be a challenge. Even the weakest enemies, those loaves, are becoming hard to deal with.
  Plus, the best of her familiars are just going to keep gathering at the plaza and the entrance. I mean, the gate itself might be a monster even worse than the Ferris wheel. It's designed to look like a giant Kitsy."
"So you're not going to the front gate?"
"Nah. We have a better chance over here."
"...?"
  Aoko took another glance at the undulating iron fences.
  It was too late to achieve their goal of making it out alive.
  In that case, she decided to prioritize the other promise she had made.
"I'm gonna go ahead and break down the fences here. You have to escape once you see an opening.
  Then my job will be done."
"..."
  Though her words were few, her tone told the whole story.
  She was telling him to escape by himself.
"It's not possible.
  You can't destroy them by yourself, Aozaki."
"If I were by myself, you'd be right. But right now, the park is actually helping me. With this much fuel, all I need to do is aim and pull the trigger. One good blast should be enough.
  That said, I'll only be able to do it once, so as soon as I open a hole, I need you to run like your life depends on it."
  She would carve a path through this iron sea of fences,
  gambling on one final effort: a great incantation to launch the biggest projectile she could manage.
"..."
  As an outsider, Soujyuro could not even begin to imagine just how much of a burden this would be for her. All he could imagine was a hazy vision of Aoko being left behind in this park.
  What would happen to her?
  Would that girl in black come to save her?
  Cruel as it was to imagine, he knew she would not.
  After Aoko had exhausted her very best in order to save him, that girl would not stay her hand.
  The only way Alice would let Aoko off the hook was if Aoko killed Soujyuro as payment.
  And so...
"Get back about fifty feet.
It'll take time to cast, but I'll make sure to finish this before that egg gets hardboiled."
  It went without saying that this was the only path.
"Wait. I want to know.
  Is there even a point in letting me go?"
"None. Even once you get out, there's no way you'll be able to escape Alice forever.
But I'm stubborn to the very end. I said I'd protect you, so I'm damn well going to do my best to keep you alive."
  Surprised by her seemingly moral stance, Soujyuro saw Aoko in a new light.
  ...Ah. But of course.
  Soujyuro realized that she was not fighting for his sake, but for the sake of her pride.
"...Right. I guess you did say that.
  But it's not like you to let me go by myself."
"Oh, give me a break! Just move already!"
  Aoko eased off, just a bit.
  She recalled how, an hour ago, he had gotten the better of her.
"Aozaki. If you're still willing to fight, then let's do it some other way.
  If you can destroy that monster of a fence, then let's put your power to better use."
"There isn't anything else I can do! Sorry, but all I can do is destroy what I can see. Dying for some forlorn hope isn't how I want to go out.
Don't you get it? The fact is, blowing this thing up to let you slip out is all I can manage. I can't beat Flat Snark, or anything else. It's the least I can do after―"
"So you're going to run from this responsibility, too?"
  Aoko was just about to turn her back on him when Soujyuro clutched her hand.
  His words caused something inside of her to boil with rage.
  It was as though someone had set her heart on fire.
  The surprise that pricked open her true feelings and the disappointment she felt toward herself thawed her frozen limbs.
"Why you...! Don't get it backward! I'M the one letting YOU escape, not the other way around! I'll blow the whole damn park if I feel like it, just you watch!"
"Okay. In that case, it'd be a waste to help me escape right now.
Save that move for when you really mean it. I'll give you a hand until then."
"Huh?! YOU help ME?! Talk about a waste of time!
  Now you're really pissing me off. Just get out of here, you dimwit! What use do I have for a dunce whose special power is running himself ragged?!"
"I may be pretty exhausted,
 but you're in worse shape, Aozaki. Just look at yourself. You're tired and injured."
  Not to mention the injury to her back that Aoko had nearly forgotten about.
  Even now, she couldn't ignore the pain that the automaton had inflicted on her spine.
  With iron will, she'd managed to push it out of her mind. Mostly.
"Even without any of that magecraft stuff, I'm still in better shape than you are. I could probably even carry you all the way to the entrance if I needed to."
"Don't make promises you can't keep.
  Just... go. I'm used to this, and you're not. This is your first time facing this sort of thing, right?
  So, it's okay."
  The fact that they were a team...
  The fact that she would still have to kill him after all of this...
  None of the irony was lost on her as she said these words.
  It didn't matter anymore.
  Still, Soujyuro didn't let go of her hand;
  he gripped it even harder.
  His expression was the same as ever. Aoko frowned, trying to figure out if he was upset with her.
"You're right. This is my first time with this sort of thing.
  But I've experienced my own fair share of danger in the mountains. I've even been attacked by a deer, you know."
"..."
  As a city girl, she had no idea what it meant to be attacked by a deer, but his determination was apparent enough.
  True...
  Looking back on it now, he had maintained his composure through it all.
  A normal person would barely be able to talk through such panic.
  Perhaps growing up deep in the mountains, far from civilization, had taught him how to stay calm in the face of so much.
"So trust me. Just a little."
  He spoke his plain, unadulterated feelings,
  and released his hand.
  There was no lie in him.
  In fact, he was too honest; so much that she found it hard to believe him.
  Soujyuro had no reason to go that far.
  As it stood, Aoko had no future.
  After confessing this and telling him to escape, why did this boy still offer to help a person like her?
"I don't understand. Why do all this?
  You're going to die if you stay with me.
This is it. This is your last chance. Think it through. You should be running."
"I know, but I'm not going anywhere."
  Soujyuro answered immediately, realizing that Aoko was looking for his reason.
  This level of insight in Soujyuro demanded a round of applause.
"If I do, you'll die, Aozaki."
  His words were as irrational as always.
"But why!? Why do it? Why go so far for me!?"
  She was yelling out of frustration.
  After thinking for a moment, Soujyuro replied.
"I guess it's because... I like you."
  Simple and to the point.
  His face seemed to ask why she would even question him so.
  There was a pause, no more than two seconds.
  His surprise attack had stopped Aoko in her tracks.
  Alice was not the only one who had an ace up her sleeve.
  That line reached deeper even than Flat Snark could ever hope to.
  All Aoko could respond with was an expression of pure shock.
  It was a simple, stubborn reason. The strongest kind on Earth.
"...Ugh."
  Soujyuro Sizuki was indeed incomprehensible, to be able to work unconditionally with someone who was trying to kill him.
  But she felt as though she'd finally grasped a sliver of his true nature.
  Tobimaru and the others' assessment of him was correct...
 ...as vexing as it was to her to admit.
"Even though I can't stand you... You sure are a dip, you know."
  He laughed at her sour grumbling. At this point, he was used to her insults.
  Their clash of wills ended here.
  Aoko's blood ran hot from her blazing heart.
  If he was going to make a face like that, all she could do was try to think of a way to get them both home.
"Running away isn't really my thing, anyway.
  Fine. I'll stick it out to the end. And if you're going to stay with me, Sizuki, I'm sure we can find some way for you to help."
  Though her tone had lightened, there was still hesitation in her eyes.
  It was only natural. Aoko had not even a clue as to how to begin to fight the Snark.
  If only she had been just a bit more skilled, or had trained just a bit more, there might have been some way to look for it.
"I'm better than this. If only I had a way to peel back its true form."
  Unconsciously, she let her apprehension show.
  Sniveling was pointless.
  She would just have to figure it out by herself, but―
"Hmm? What, that's all we need to figure out?"
"Huh?"
  Aoko gave him a look, as if to ask what *that* was supposed to mean.
"I mean, you asked me earlier to look for something weird, right?"
  Soujyuro also made a face that suggested she should have brought it up sooner.
"Wait, you know what it is?!"
"I think so. Well, I've been wondering about it for a while, actually."
  Soujyuro whispered in her ear quietly, so as not to be overheard.
"...Ah."
  It was certainly unexpected,
  but then again, equally obvious. After he explained the mistake, she knew right away that he was correct.
  At last, she had an inkling of Flat Snark's original form. Namely...
  They strategized for ten minutes.
  After deliberating the Snark's true form and figuring out a plan of attack, the two exchanged nods in acceptance of their roles.
"We'll be splitting up now.
  Just don't make it a repeat of the blunder in the house of mirrors. You're the crux of this operation. If you bungle the start even a little, there's no coming back from this one."
  Though she jabbed him for his previous failure as a decoy, her voice was bright.
  Aoko's original vigor had returned to her at Soujyuro's discovery of the truth.
  Meanwhile, Soujyuro was also getting serious in his own way.
  He took Aoko's warning to heart.
"Good. But remember that our positions are reversed this time.
  If we fail, I'm not the one who's going to die―you are. I won't be there to clean up your mess, so watch your step."
"I know. After all this, I regret what not taking your advice earlier. I'll be careful."
  Soujyuro nodded, telling her to leave it to him. Though he made it sound like he was holding a grudge, it seemed to him to be the only way of showing her his resolve.
  Aoko let out a sigh of defeat. Once more, she couldn't figure him out.
"Seriously, I can't tell if you're a big idiot or a big hero.
  Whichever one it is, I'm counting on you. Don't let me down."
  She had wanted to say that she believed in him, but apparently, that was too embarrassing for her.
  Aoko turned away from Soujyuro and began to run.
  She had begun to think that maybe this change of pace was not so bad after all.
  And so ended the intermission.
  The young cast members were handed their new lines.
  Whatever happened next,
  the night of witches had, at long last, entered its climax.
"...They split up? You're sure?"
  She was filled with foreboding at the robin's report.
  Apparently, they had gone in opposite directions.
  The park's residents had set off after the boy witness, and it would take them mere minutes to capture him, so the bird said.
"What do you mean? Is it actually him they're following? Not Aoko in disguise?"
  The robin flapped its wings, chirping away any doubt.
  It had seen them with its own two eyes. Aoko was heading for the plaza, while the cocky brat was making a run for the roller coaster.
"Are you saying that Aoko abandoned him?
  ...It sounds a little too good to be true.
 Is Dumpty still on his tail?"
  The robin nodded enthusiastically.
  It didn't know about the other birds, but with its superior night vision, it had seen that sucker clearly because he had moved to a high point.
"And Dumpty?
  He said to let him sing to the very end? That he may never get the chance again to do so for a fool this asinine?"
  Scratch Dumpty was a ticking time bomb that would drop and detonate the moment its target averted its gaze.
  That is, as long as his target continued to observe him. In a way, he was a gentlemanly Ploy Kickshaw, though Alice wished he would forgo such niceties when in battle.
"...Let him have his fun. Keeping an eye on Dumpty won't save the boy anyway. Once the poem on his surface is complete, the door will open.
  No matter how far he runs, Dumpty will end him for us."
  Until the park, or rather the Snark, was destroyed, Soujyuro would not be able to escape.
  Which meant the larger concern was Aoko.
  Aoko had promised to protect the boy, which begged the question: where was she running to?
"As long as we stay here, we can't track Aoko."
  Alice looked out over the park, ignoring the robin's attempt to get her attention with its plumage.
  Flat Snark had nearly reached its full size.
  It was a different breed of beast compared to the other cheap Ploys.
  To her, it was one of her three most irreplaceable and precious familiars.
"...Yes. She's all yours, Snark.
  Don't hold back until Aoko is brought to her knees."
  Alice remained where she was.
  With the same historical merit as the troll under the bridge and the poison-clawed reptile, Flat Snark was one of Alice's ultimate Ploys.
  She was placing her trust in its reputation and ability.
"But don't forget. This is a game.
  When the contest is over, return to me."
"..."
  The drifting fog ignored its master's words.
  It was the one thing that Alice had misread.
Flat Snark was a king, even among the other Ploys, of terrible, vulgar antics.
  Death to the defeated. Gruesome tragedy to the vanquished.
It found no pleasure unless it brought about dramatic ruination of life and wealth.
"―――――――――"
  The fog billowed like wicked laughter.
  After all, only a king had the right to decide the fate of the vanquished, and the Snark's greed could not be contained.
  Thus...
  It hadn't even the slightest intent to play fair, despite its master's orders.
  Over one hundred feet high.
  One careful step at a time, the figure made its way gingerly up the track which stretched into the heart of the amusement park.
"―, ―"
  He stayed his beating chest and the pounding of his breath.
  Even tiny movements were an obstacle to his progress.
  Amazingly, the one making this pale-faced advance higher and higher was Soujyuro Sizuki.
  Far below, he saw that a horde of bread creatures had congregated by the roller coaster platform.
  As they bustled this way and that, their numbers continued to increase by the minute, seemingly cheering on Soujyuro with raised arms as he made his ascent.
  Or rather, they jeered as if beckoning him to come down.
"...Well, at least they don't like heights."
  Of course, neither did Soujyuro, but his current state was the lesser of two evils.
  The only thing that followed him now was the floating egg.
  After heaving a huge sigh, Soujyuro bent forward a bit and climbed the track that inclined toward the heavens.
  One hundred and fifty feet now.
  If this were a skyscraper, he would be on the sixteenth floor.
"...!"
  A strong gust of wind whipped through his hair.
  Humans had an instinctual fear of heights.
  In particular, a place like this, which called forth visions of falling to one's death, would cause a person's knees to tremble against their will.
  It was an instinct that forewarned death, urging its master to return to the safety of the ground.
  It was a reasonable reaction.
  Climbing the roller coaster tracks went beyond funny stories and into the realm of fantasy.
  The strong winds and change in air pressure were a hindrance.
  His instincts screamed at him to stop, causing his limbs to go numb, his muscles to go limp, and his mind to race.
Even if he had been tied to a lifeline, a mere fifteen feet of climbing would still have caused his thoughts to freeze out of sheer terror.
  And it would only get worse from here, exponentially so.
  Every foot forward increased the load on both his mind and his body by another degree.
"...I can do this. Just a little bit more to the top..."
  The burden on his mind notwithstanding, he carefully measured the toll on his body with every step.
  His legs, which had carried him running this far, threatened to buckle the moment he let down his guard.
This fatigue was likely why Aoko had stressed that Soujyuro's role was more dangerous than hers.
"Wait. Would Aozaki have been so worried if I wasn't tired?"
  Soujyuro laughed as he stared at the floating egg.
  He reflected on the course of events that had led to this absurd situation.
  Not even ten minutes ago, they had been engaged in conversation.
"Okay. Since we know what form it's taken, we need to talk about how we're going to destroy it."
  Soujyuro felt a shudder travel down his spine at Aoko's smug grin.
  In hindsight, Aoko had been more than happy at this point to make him do something absurd.
"How we're going to destroy it? Can't you just..."
  Soujyuro wondered aloud; from what he'd seen, Aoko had enough firepower to tear clean through the fence.
  He'd refrained from speculating about Flat Snark's true form because he'd felt there was nothing they could do about it, even if they knew.
  But that had changed.
  For Aoko, the impossible was quite literally within her grasp.
"It won't be that easy. By my estimate, I wouldn't get within a hundred and fifty feet of the thing."
  Despair filled Soujyuro's eyes.
  Aoko lifted a hand to her long hair and, with a magically charged fingertip, clipped a clean tuft of it.
"But we can make up the difference with some elbow grease.
  Get to the highest place you can. When the time is right, I'll give you a sign. Just toss this into the air. That's all you need to do."
  But based on where Aoko pointed her gaze, she did not really mean to leave it up to Soujyuro to pick the highest place he could find.
  She was staring conspicuously at one of the amusement park's two main attractions: the roller coaster.
"...So, in other words, you're saying we split up, then you want me to run away from the monsters chasing me and escape to somewhere high, right?"
"Exactly. And hey, wouldn't you know it, the tracks of that winding roller coaster are perfect!"
  There were two demons in this park.
  Her smile made even Soujyuro want to respond that it was far from perfect.
"Far be for me to question your motives here, but...
  You're not secretly working with that girl to kill me, are you?"
"Now now. Wasn't it you who said it was okay if I was the one who killed you?"
"...It's not nice to twist other people's words."
  Soujyuro hung his head. This was not sane.
  If he did as she said, he would die from exhaustion before Kitsy even had a chance to eat him.
"I'm not a monster. Hey, Look at me.
  I'll cast a charm on you."
"...?"
  It was the lightest of touches.
  Close enough for their breath and skin to come in contact.
"...Ao―"
  "...-zaki," he finished with a hushed voice.
  For one of them, this was a rather mundane magecraft.
  For the other, it was a head-spinning, intimate ambush.
            "<The weight of the air, the tremble of one's breast|Be light and frail, nimble and fast.>.
                    <Light lags behind while shadows pull ahead.|Tick-tock, tick-tock, there's no time to waste.>"
  Words that could not be produced by a normal larynx, carrying a peculiar weight to them, reverberated against his eardrums.
  If words were given colors, these would have been the color of her name: blue.
  Soujyuro's exhausted body and burning blood gently cooled.
        "<A bird in the sky, a fish in the sea, you in the distance|Fly, swim, run.>.
        <Stuff doubt and anxiety in a sack.|Tick-tock, tick-tock.> <Begin the journey at dawn|Sound the alarm.>.
        <A shining star falls,|The star is always in the northern sky,> <into your heart.|no matter where you go.>"
  In reality, it took but a few seconds,
  but the sudden contact had felt a little longer.
"Mesmerize successful! ...I think. This is the first time I've actually felt it take!
  I guess all those lectures from Alice paid off!"
  A very merry Aoko stood aside a very confused Soujyuro.
  After he asked what the heck had occurred, she responded.
"It's an elementary suggestion. I temporarily erased your sense of fear, so you should be able to climb up there no problem.
  The biggest thing standing in your way is your nerves, right?
  If you don't feel fear, then no matter how high you climb, it's no different from walking a balance beam!"
"..."
  He seemed to get it...
  It actually all sounded like Greek to Soujyuro, but he accepted it as an explanation for her strange actions.
"Hah... Finally, I made it."
  He'd arrived at the summit of the track.
  From nearly two hundred feet high, Soujyuro had a bird's-eye view of the entire amusement park.
  He was able to spot Aoko's figure right away.
  In the plaza not so far from here, she seemed to be occupied with something conspicuous.
  Her surroundings lay still.
  The bread-men were still busy trying to figure how to reach Soujyuro by trial and error from the roller coaster's entrance.
  They were over three hundred feet away, now.
"No wonder I'm drenched in sweat. Look how much ground I've covered."
  The strong winter gales quickly dried the sweat on his brow, but he was drenched underneath his shirt.
  This much sweat was worth at least a half-mile run, not to mention all the scares he had experienced throughout the night.
"Okay. Now all I have to do is wait for the signal."
  He felt a wave of relief,
  but not at the thought of Aoko destroying the Snark and this nightmarish park.
  He was simply happy that he could repay a bit of his debt from the house of mirrors.
  A blue bullet rose from the plaza where Aoko was located.
"That's the signal!"
  Soujyuro stood up atop the tracks, pulled out the pouch he had stowed in his pocket, and tossed it forward.
  Without any regard for his questionable footing, he gave it a mighty overarm pitch.
  The small pouch drew a parabolic curve in Aoko's direction, quickly becoming untied in mid-air.
  Inside the bag was the lock of her hair and a small stone weight.
"Just throw it with the wind from somewhere high up, and I'll take it from there."
  Aoko had said, but it was Soujyuro's effort that had set the plan in motion.
  The tuft of hair remained airborne, drifting as if watching over its owner.
  Soujyuro's job was done.
  He remained concerned about the egg hovering over him, but there was nothing he could do about it.
  Soujyuro breathed a sigh of relief, and leaned forward to watch the rest of the plan unfold, but then...
"Hmm?"
  In the corner of his eye,
  he thought he spotted something familiar approaching Aoko.
"<Connecting to Crest|Route, set.>.
  Direct current crests: First layer. Second layer. Third layer, reserved.
  Magical energy supply fixed to Greater Source.
  Flow, check. Angle, check. Formula stability...good enough."
  A pattern began to carve itself into the brick street.
  The casting of an unprecedented incantation with unprecedented range.
  Keeping the rising tension contained within her chest, the fledgling mage snapped her fingers.
"Done. <Bullet configuration|Tour Plan>: <convergent launch!|Starmine!>"
  She kneeled at the center of the formula and raised her head to the night sky.
  Not even a glimpse of the transmogrified fantasy land around her entered her vision now.
  Only one thing, one untouchable thing, was reflected in her blue eyes.
"So, this has been on my mind for a while now..."
  This is how their conversation started a few minutes prior.
  Soujyuro began with a simple statement of fact.
  In truth, it really was the simplest of discrepancies.
  Any difference between the reality of an hour ago and the illusion of the present was both infinitesimal and infinite.
"I thought maybe I didn't know what I was looking at because of the clouds..."
  It was hiding in plain sight―
  too impossible to be real, too outlandish to be here.
  In this amusement park where every paradigm had shifted, something was brazenly flaunting its normalcy.
"Tonight is supposed to be a new moon, Aozaki."
"Yeah...come to think of it, that's actually what you started as."
  The distance from the Earth to the moon was 238,900 miles.
  If it truly was identical to the actual moon, then this monster indeed lived up to its eerie reputation.
  At a distance that vast, there would have been no need to hide. It could flaunt its true form for all to see.
  But if it had to hide its true form, that meant it was vulnerable.
  The monster's camouflage implied that it sat within the reach of human hands!
"At best, my max range is 650 yards or so..."
  At this point, it was time to give it all she had.
  Drawing on the energy surging throughout the park, she extended her firing arm.
  A blue firework launched into the air.
  Looking up at her hair dancing in the wind above, Aoko reached out her right hand as if to catch the night sky.
  A mage's own body made for the perfect catalyst.
  And for a female mage, the hair she had grown out over many years made for a particularly valuable and powerful source of fuel.
  To use it, all she had to do was apply her will.
  She locked the fingers on both her hands together and shouted,
"Deploy third layer! All formulae, commence linked activation!"
  She hurled forth a clear challenge to bind the moon to herself.
  The mist began to whirl about in a vortex.
  The monster high above bore its fangs at the sight of the blue spell that appeared in midair.
"Did she figure it out...?"
  By the time Alice had noticed the change, the hostility between Aoko and the Snark was palpable.
"...Very well. This round goes to Aoko. Return immediately.
  Perhaps removing the rain clouds was too obvious a hint, but I suppose one can't win them―Flat Snark?"
  The fog continued to thicken with no sign of abating.
  The moon that floated in the night sky could not pardon such an insolent mage.
  As if the lord of the night would bow down to such impudence; there was no staying its wrath at a challenge so flagrant.
"Snark!"
  The robin swooped in to give its report, but Alice waved it away. Her gaze was fixed on the transforming golden moon.
  Her calls of restraint did not reach it.
  This fairy-tale monster was beholden to nobody, and it would have no qualms unleashing its vast might upon its puny prey.
  The core of her magic bullet howled.
  The Magic Circuits within her body spun.
  Aoko fed them magical energy, scorching her nerves with imaginary flame.
  She was linked to the formula inscribed on the ground.
  The spell was read and executed the same as it always was, but its output was beyond reckoning.
  With this much firepower, even this mundane process would invite injury upon its caster.
  It was enough to burn up the nerves that were acting as the barrel.
"Rrgh! I can...do this!"
  The imaginary heat had reached a terrifying temperature.
  Aoko trembled at this endless feeling, but would have to grin and bear it lest their efforts come to naught.
  Aoko could no longer move.
  When she had learned the Snark's true form from Soujyuro, she gave up on any superiority a moveable turret offered, instead opting to become a stationary cannon.
  That was the only way she could reach it. It was impossible to hunt the Snark unless she anchored her crest at this location and angle.
  At the same time, this action revealed that she was out of options.
  Once the fuse was lit, she would have no choice but to fight to the bitter end.
  Aoko took a deep breath; this was the way she wanted it.
  Her preparations were complete. She would be able deliver this maelstrom of magical energy directly to the moon, like a rocket payload!
  The third midair layer served as the cannon's muzzle and sight. It would fire the magical energy once it reached criticality, and it allowed Aoko to adjust the angle of fire.
(Fog...?)
  The moon became warped within her scope.
  As Aoko charged her magical energy, the Ploy displayed its golden form as if to mock her.
  Come. Worship the heavens, powerless scion of an innocent bloodline.
  For there it was, a point among the otherworldly sky,
  a Mystical visage obfuscated by jade mists and azure clouds.
  Called the greatest treasure known to the world of magecraft,
  a rarity more valuable than an entire kingdom: Crown Phantasm.
(That's it! That's Flat Snark!)
  Set apart from the First, the world's greatest fabrication!
(...Not yet! Just need...a little more time...)
  Her instincts screamed at her to delay no further.
  This fairy-tale monster was the greatest of its kind, and it was about to expose its true form.
  Its open hostility made it clear that it was ready to counterattack!
(I can't move! Not with an incantation this long! If it attacks before me, it's all over!)
  She had to shoot it down first.
  Magical energy was at eighty percent. The formula was operating normally. All that was left was to pull the trigger, but...
  The calm voice inside her head asked if that was really okay.
  She had one shot at this, and there was no going back.
  It was a battle of precision with no room for miscalculations. Even a tenth of a second of hesitation would tip the scales.
  Was she ready for the pain? Was she ready to deal with the fallout if she missed?
  Could she really even take down the moon with such a tiny bullet in the first place?
(Enough! Shoot first, ask questions later!)
  Her eyes, fixed upon the moon, were filled with determination.
  She knew that the moment she fired, the intense recoil would overwhelm her entire body. Still, she shouted,
"...Bring it on!
  I'm gonna send this thing spinning with all I've got!"
  With every ounce of spirit she possessed, she fired her ultra-long-range projectile into the sky.
  The third layer embraced the magic bullet fired from the surface of the Earth.
  The crest, an extension of Aoko's self, unleashed light to pierce the moon.
  However...
  An enormous, blue canopy pulverized the beam.
  It returned the Ether, that 3000-degree flame, to nothing as it came in contact with the bullet.
"Argh! Rrrrgh!"
  The recoil of the grand magecraft literally boiled her blood. Her body couldn't handle it.
  Her heart stopped.
  Her brain went numb from the pain and impact.
  Her nerves putrefied from end to end.
  But her Magic Crest revived them all by force.
"Ah...  Gah...!"
(Ice? It was blocked by ice!)
  Even though her vision had gone white, she could still see it.
  Swallowing the blood in her mouth, Aoko looked up with a scowl.
  There it was,
 an enormous shield of ice and a sneering, deformed skull.
(Did I fire too late? Did I fire too early!?
  Should I have shot before it made that shield?
  Was it too reckless to shoot it head-on!?)
"Who cares!?
  First layer, second layer, reactivate! Hurry!"
  There was no time to think or hesitate.
  The magical energy throughout the park began to gather.
  Aoko knelt,
  across from the tyrannical face of the moon.
  She intuited that the ice had yet to fully form; Flat Snark still hadn't reached its full strength.
  Which was exactly why...
(Dammit... Dammit, dammit, dammit!)
  By accelerating the spell, Aoko damaged her own body.
  The burden of linking the formula to the Snark caused intense pain. All she could do was grit her teeth and endure it.
  All because...
(That ice is tougher than my best shot!)
  Aoko had gotten a read on their relative strengths.
  Even if its volume of magical energy was identical, Snark's form―its Mystic scale―was in a different league.
  Aoko could charge her energy to her absolute limit, and that would barely make a dent in the ice wall.
  Meanwhile, there was nothing she could do to prevent her own annihilation if the Snark gathered as much energy as it could...!
"Then, before that happens...!"
  She loaded her next shot.
  She issued orders to the floating third layer.
  Ignoring the toll on her body, she began to accelerate the first layer formula.
  The role of her right hand's single layer was to absorb and store surrounding magical energy.
  The thick fog that drifted through the park was an ancient Ether spewed out by Flat Snark's own body, but Aoko could pour it into her formula.
  Aoko's body, which had integrated with the formula, took on an amount of magical energy that far surpassed its maximum capacity. It seethed in agony.
  Or rather, it trembled in delight.
  For a mage, magical energy was a propellant to reach the realm of Mystics.
  The expansion of internal time...
  The liquefaction of the self...
  The release from the physical...
  They were all what one might call a near-death experience.
  On the precipice of what lay beyond, Aoko stood firm, and faced reality.
"..."
  Still, reality had come to break her will.
  The gap between them was plain to any observer.
  The gun barrel named Aoko Aozaki...
  ...had not a chance to chip away at that lump of ice.
(Argh! So―)
  She accelerated the spell further.
  The skull grinned.
 That ice was no shield.
 It was a hammer to crush mages who did not know their place.
 The moon laughed as it prepared to crush not just Aoko, but the boy atop the roller coaster, as well as the park in its entirety.
(SO WHAT IF IT HURTS!?)
  Her circuits were on the verge of going critical.
Her body had been charged with a scorching power supply, from her fingertips to her eyeballs.
  She would see the bullet fired.
  She would arrange the magecraft formula as quickly as her nerves' transmission speed would allow.
  A single attack was not enough.
  There was no way to shoot it from its flank.
  Which meant there was only one solution.
"<Reconnecting to alternating current!|Alternate selector!>"
  The third layer began to transform.
  It switched from direct to alternating current. The spell's supposed strong point was its ability to adjust its trajectory mid-flight, but right now all she wanted was numbers.
"<Connecting.|Set.> Octogram!
  All layers, max rotation!"
  A blue sun shined down upon the amusement park.
  Beams of light at maximum output streaked forth to pierce the golden moon.
"Take...this...!"
  Holding down the trigger, she continued to fire, taking in energy ad infinitum.
"Gah... Ahgh..."
  Blue flames shot forth at critical level.
  But the ice would neither melt nor mar. 
  No amount of sheer heat could make a dent in something formed from such a colossal amount of magical energy.
  The toll on her circuits sent them berserk, and blood began to run free.
(...Agh! The spin should have been more than enough...
  He's...just...too strong!)
  The battle had become a tussle over the magical energy that filled the park.
  From the very beginning, this had been the Snark's home turf.
  The Snark had control over at least eighty percent of the space, while Aoko had twenty at best.
"No... I...can't...stop it!"
(No...)
  The castle of ice descended as if to call the match.
"Ah...AaaAAAhhhHHH!"
  All she could do was delay the inevitable.
  She knew that she had been backed into a wall, and right now, the only thing she could do was to keep firing.
  Then again, perhaps not. There was another option.
  If she converted all of her magical energy into a defense, there was a tiny chance―no, not tiny. A great possibility, in fact, that she could save just her―
(Shut up and do it already!
  Not even that ice has a chance against all the magical energy here!)
  Clinging to that broken hope, Aoko continued to rotate her circuits.
  Time seemed to stop at the magical energy overdose.
  A second of intense pain lasted an eternity.
  Then, amidst everything...
(Huh?)
  Something approached one step at a time.
  Something from among the park's shadows.
  Something...
 Something...
 Something...
(Wai―)
  She felt goosebumps from head to toe.
  The issue was no longer the ice overhead.
  In the midst of this stillness, the red death drew closer, step by ominous step.
(Why here? Why now!?)
  Her circuits and her mind began to rupture out of terror.
  The composition of her formula and soul began to rip apart.
  There it was, just behind her.
  Its footsteps came to a halt.
  It reached around and cupped her face in its bloodstained hands.
                                                
"Greetings."
"!!!"
  She wanted to scream out with all her might.
  This is it. Nothing matters! I couldn't care less!
  Run or don't run, it doesn't matter!
  Quit hiding and reveal yourself!
  Use whatever you can, and show no mercy!
  That was it.
  She had one final card to play.
  Once, a miracle had been gifted to her, almost as a joke. It made the ice look like child's play.
                    That was what the red death had come to kill.
  Using it would spell ruin.
  Not using it would mean death by ice.
  Then, why hesitate?
  There were no conditions on its use.
  There was no price to pay for its power.
  She simply would cease to be herself.
  That was all.
  Humans loved to exist in areas of gray.
  Dozens of electrical impulses disconnect in the brain every minute; nothing lasts forever, not even one's self.
  It was not anything particularly worthy of disdain.
  It was not even anything remarkably worthy of being called taboo.
(...Shut up.)
  What escaped her lips now was rage.
  Bewilderment from the red silhouette.
  The girl let out an inaudible scream.
  Could True Magic truly be her savior? What an opportunistic load of bull.
  After all, to begin with...
(I have no clue how to do that shit yet!)
  Indeed, Aoko was still in the dark when it came to that Magic, whatever it was.
"...I'm such a moron!"
  She woke from her momentary hallucination.
  The very illusion her breaking soul had shown her.
  Whining had had the opposite effect on her; her pride was now ablaze.
"So you're going to run from this responsibility, too?"
  Soujyuro was right. Her opponent had put her in check, but she had done the same to it. It was clear why she was losing, so now all she needed was a counter-plan, well within her abilities.
No matter the odds, she was not one to give up without giving it one last shot.
(That's right.
  Giving up only comes after you've tried absolutely everything!)
  Her numbed fingers clenched into a tight fist.
  She was betting against the house, an unreasonable gamble that should have made her question her sanity.
  If her first step was off by an inch, her body would be instantly vaporized.
  But...
  She knew a boy who never fled.
  She knew of a steadfast courage that could shine its light, no matter how small, through any desperate situation.
  Yes. There was more than just herself to be concerned about.
  If that ice fell, it would mean the destruction of the park in its entirety.
  Everything he had achieved, everything he had risked and dared and happily put his life on the line for, would all be for naught.
(...Really.
  What possessed him to be so bullheaded!?)
  Determination and confidence surged through her like electricity.
  She was in no mood to be crushed by a giant sheet of ice.
  If she was going to lose, she'd rather do so as the grandest firework possible.
  Aoko was a sore loser. At this point, she would rather burn herself to cinders than let it decide her end.
"<Disconnect! Expand area! Reconnect!|Change, change, change!>"
  She grunted in pain.
  Energy raged through her body.
  Her circuits were on the verge of disintegration.
  Inscribed upon her body, her Magic Crest was magecraft given physical form. It did not, however, stop with simply skin and flesh. It burrowed to the very marrow of her bones.
"Grrr.... GAHAH!"
  A playful smile graced her lips.
  Her sense of reason had been turned upside-down by the pain.
  That was only natural.
(Huh. I can do this!)
  She had to praise her own body for holding out so long while pushed beyond its limits.
  The skull face noticed the abnormality.
  It finally recognized the challenge for dominance over this space.
  It laughed at the conceit it faced.
  Never did it expect a Magician to challenge the great Flat Snark, lord of vessels over a millennium, and in such an age of decline!
"Hrrrgh... UGH!"
  She tried to catch her breath.
  She braced herself for the coming pain.
  She was going to smash that ice to pieces.
  Both had access to the same amount of magical energy.
  One of them was greatly outmatched, but...
(There was a difference in our output. If I'm losing because of the scale of energy absorption and the size of the barrel, then...
  The solution is simple. All I need to do is make the formula bigger, and me with it!)
"<Reconnect bullet configuration!|Change Tour Plan!>"
  The feedback would go beyond anything she had experienced to date.
  Quite simply, her decision went beyond recklessness.
  She expanded both formulae to maximum size.
  The first layer would transform into a giant vortex, swallowing up the mist.
  The second layer would process it from one end and pump it into her, the barrel.
"...I was naïve,
  thinking I could do something cute like shoot it down.
  What I need to do is blast it to hell!"
  Primeval power answered the spellcaster's conviction.
  It formed the pattern of a writhing serpent.
  Voiceless magical power flew a banner of revolution.
  Now, look upon the earth, o venerable one.
  See now this pioneer, this first among trailblazers.
  She embodies a species that knows no fear, that renders naught all manner of Mystic and tradition.
"I'm done borrowing from you, you lying boojum.
  If you really want it, I'm more than happy to give it all back!"
  For the newest Magician commands the principles of consumption and extinction!
  An aberrant bullet of light melted through the castle of ice.
  The barrel held fast.
  Her control of magical energy was divine.
  One hundred thousand miles of veins, equal to two and a half times the circumference of the Earth, hungrily drank in the magical energy. The subsequent magical strike hurtled straight up at the moon.
  NO NO NO NO!
  Death rose from the moon's surface.
  A cry of indignant terror echoed through the abandoned park.
  Reality was burned into the eyes of this creature of fantasy.
"...Hah."
  To Aoko, its vain struggle was the taste of victory.
  Victory despite her absolute reckless use of magical energy.
  The energy scales had been tipped to their breaking point but nevertheless in her favor.
"<Bullet configuration...|Tour Plan...>"
"<Total eclipse, converge|Blacklight, Starbow!>!
  Tear it a new one!"
  Shatter. Shatter. Shatter. Shatter.
  The skyscraper scattered into atomized dust.
  The island, its unattainability extolled, had swallowed whole the despair of its many challengers.
  Long had it proudly eluded mankind's intellect...
  Yet now, azure mist bemoaned its demise.
  In the sky, the icy canopy crumbled.
  The Snark-hunting bullet jumped over the moon.
  Its throes of death sounded like the roaring sea, reverberating across this fairy-tale land.
  ...The battle was over.
  The thick fog dissipated, and the shattered ice melted away before it hit the ground.
  A lethal bullet unseated the night king from his throne, affording him no time to grieve his loss.
  The Oil of the Moon.
  The Untouched―Flat Snark.
  The dreamscape that had begun with its resurrection ended with its demise, drawing a close to the nightmare.
"...Oh man. I guess I kind of went overboard."
  Flat on her back, Aoko looked up at the night sky.
  She lay there perfectly still, not able to move a single finger.
  When she tried, her whole body screamed out in agony.
  She was completely empty of magical energy, and her Magic Crest had come to a halt.
  She estimated that it would likely require a whole day to recover all her bodily functions.
  Sadly, all she could really do in that moment was take a breath.
  At least her chest was swelling with pride.
  She had gone toe to toe with a fairy-tale monster and had emerged victorious.
  The battlefield conditions had favored her, it was true, but there was no denying that Aoko had come a long way in the last six months.
(...Luck or not, I owe Alice an apology.
  Once a Ploy's been broken, it's gone forever.)
  Flat Snark would never again return to this world.
   It was an insanely rare item, so invaluable that it would have been impossible to price it for auction at the Association in London.
  Aoko had sent Alice's priceless treasure to oblivion.
  Needless to say, things had gotten more than a little out of hand.
(Still...)
  They had both agreed to the fight, so Alice probably would not complain.
  Even if she was furious, she would never be so undignified as to show it.
"Ugh..."
  The second Aoko relaxed, her fatigue finally caught up with her.
  She did everything in her power to fight off the overwhelming drowsiness.
  Aside from a few minor internal injuries, her body was miraculously unscathed. She felt like she could probably stand up and dust herself off after a bit of rest.
  The golden moon continued to burn in the night sky.
(Well, you are oil, after all. You could probably burn for―)
  Aoko's bleary eyes went wide in astonishment.
  She was still unable to lift a finger.
(Oh, right. The Baker who found the Snark disappeared along with it...)
  She sighed in resignation.
  Aoko accepted that her final stand left her with only ten seconds before she burned to ash, too.
  Elsewhere, just a short moment prior...
  Buffeted by strong winds atop the roller coaster, Soujyuro gravely peered down at the ground.
"...Hmm?"
  All he could muster was a single murmur.
  He could see Aoko on top of some drawing on the ground, and...
"...What in the world is that thing made of?"
  In the distance...
  There was something familiar in the direction of the ruined house of mirrors.
  Soujyuro's job―to throw Aoko's hair from a great height―was complete.
  While not the most impressive of tasks, it was absolutely a matter of life or death.
  And to top it all off, just thinking about how he was going to get back down to the ground was making him dizzy.
  He had experienced more than enough trouble for one day.
"Wait, but..."
  He was flustered as he stood atop the swaying bridge.
  A skull suddenly appeared in the sky above.
  On the ground, he could see a circling blue light with Aoko Aozaki in the middle of it.
  ...And one more thing.
  From an angle that only Soujyuro could see, a shadow stalked Aoko while she challenged the moon.
  It was shaped like a person missing the lower half of its body.
  The disembodied torso slowly clawed its way toward Aoko.
  They were still over six hundred feet apart.
  Unfortunately for Aoko, she completely failed to notice it approaching from behind.
"It's too far away to make out, but...isn't that..."
  He was sure of what it was now.
  There was only one thing in the park that would chase Aoko and not him: the puppet.
"But... I mean, maybe it's...
  ...a coincidence, right?"
  His mind ran in circles.
  It was a perfectly reasonable reaction.
  Any grip on reality he might have had left was long lost when Aoko started firing beams of light at the monstrous moon.
"Whoa!"
  Aoko's merciless fire buffeted the roller coaster like a storm.
  Just standing on it was almost enough for him to be thrown off and killed.
  At any rate, Soujyuro couldn't fathom the situation.
  Should he head back to the entrance of the roller coaster and warn Aoko about the incoming threat?
  No, there was no way he would make it in time, and to make matters worse, there was a horde of bread down there, waiting for him.
  And it may very well have been the case that Aoko was already aware of the puppet and would take it out as soon as it got closer. If she was, Soujyuro was sure he would only be in the way.
"But..."
  It did not seem like there was anything he could do to help.
  And beyond that, Aoko was not the only one in danger. He was in quite a predicament himself.
"You can't go home again."
  The road home was never as safe as one thought. It was as true here as it had been in the mountains.
  The path he was on was no exception. As risky as the ascent had been, it was even more dangerous to go back down.
This was no time to be worrying about others.
  His shaking legs reminded him that only two hundred feet separated him from death.
(I'll be fine. I know that. Just...)
  His head was pounding.
  This was reckless and stupid.
Having been raised in the mountains, he was more sensitive to danger than anyone raised in the city, and just thinking about what he was about to do made his throat seize up.
  There was only one thing he could say for sure.
"Aozaki has no idea that thing is coming for her!"
  With a sobbing shout, Soujyuro started making his way down the two-hundred-foot frame of the roller coaster.
"Hah... hah... hah... haaa!"
  His race toward death accelerated.
  He never meant to speed up, but the downward slope propelled him forward.
"Here... I... go!"
  It was too late for regrets. Now that he was running, he had no choice but to go even faster.
And time was not on his side―he would never make it in time if he took the long way down, never mind the bread-men crowding the exit of the roller coaster.
With the exits blocked, the outcome would be the same whether he went slowly or quickly. There was no reason to rush to his death as desperately as he did!
"So what!?"
  So what if it was futile?
  Soujyuro cleared the doubts from his mind.
  He turned his attention to what he could do: keep his footing and try to arrive at the bottom as quickly as he could.
(Focus! Forget whether you'll be there in time to save her! The most important thing is...)
  He had no idea what impulses were driving his stiff limbs.
  He just focused on the moment, pushing past the fear and the cold logic.
  At his core, he was the kind of person to deal with problems head-on. There would be time to think about the consequences later!
  But hesitation was not his only obstacle.
"Not now!"
  The worst possible hindrance appeared at a time when not focusing on the track would mean certain death.
"!"
  Soujyuro sensed something wrong with the egg he had been so studiously observing out of one eye.
  Something had changed.
  And at the very moment he realized it...
"I can't be looking to the side right now!"
  Soujyuro stumbled then instinctively caught himself.
  It was a miracle he had not fallen.
  Descending a roller coaster on foot was an act of suicide.
  The egg stayed right by his side―so close it was likely it would collide with him.
Though he was trying not to look at it, he could not help but feel uneasy that the door-like decoration in its center was gradually opening.
"Dammit! Why now!?"
  He cursed his rotten situation.
  And yet, he refused to slow down.
He ran even faster, glaring at the egg on his side.
"Hah... This is crazy.
  What's wrong with me?"
  Soujyuro was baffled to find that he was smiling.
  Perhaps it had something to do with Aoko's charm. Soujyuro could not tell one way or the other.
  He could still feel Aoko's fingers on his skin.
  The trust and expectation she had placed in him was etched into his heart.
  But what spurred him on was something entirely different.
  This all stemmed from a much deeper problem.
  It was something inside him that he could not understand at the time, but would eventually come to terms with one day.
"All right, less than five feet left!"
  He carefully judged the distance as he ran down the track of death.
  But the distance between what?
  That went without saying. It was the distance between himself and the one thing that could save his life.
"Hah... Hah! Haha! Hah...!"
  He told himself he was going to do it, over and over, like a mantra.
  Soujyuro could not believe himself.
  What he was about to do was incredibly stupid.
  But what is stupid when smart is not an option?
"I'm really going to do this!? This is insane!"
  Amidst it all, he laughed at how pointless such self-reflection was now.
  Temporary confusion, a psychological thrill ride; both had laid his soul bare.
  What really mattered in life?
  The answer to that question was simple.
  His primitive values did not crave success or reward.
  All he wanted was...
(This is it!)
  ...to live the way he wanted.
  It wasn't an obligation to the people around him.
  His desire to live his way was his and his alone.
(Here we go!)
"!?"
  If the egg had been equipped with a vocal function, it would have gasped in shock at what happened next.
  The boy, who had only tried to escape up until this point, suddenly shifted his weight.
  He pointed his feet outward instead of inward.
  On the edge of one rail, he crouched ever so slightly to maintain momentum, and gazed at the floating egg.
(Close enough! I can do this!)
  He soared through the night sky.
  It was a flight that lasted a mere one and a half seconds―
  a cordless bungee jump from a hundred feet above ground.
  His destination:
  the only thing that would stop his fall―the giant flying egg.
"Hyaaah!"
  He shrieked, this time out of elation, as he desperately clung to the egg's surface.
  Just earlier...
  The cold-blooded witch had told him that without fear, the top of a building would feel no different than a balance beam.
  This from the same witch that would have been left speechless had she witnessed this spectacle.
  It was one thing to be fearless, and another to be reckless.
  What the boy did next would give her a headache in the days to come.
"I'm counting on you, egg!"
  Clinging to the egg, he shifted his gaze away from it.
  He felt the rapid descent.
  Soujyuro, focusing his half-shut eyes on the ground, leaped off the egg once they were a few feet from the ground, then turned back to it, careful to reestablish eye contact.
  Something so unbelievable, though to Soujyuro...
  The elevator at the department store
  and the mysterious floating egg were both just moving objects,
  virtually indistinguishable from one another.
"All right! It didn't break!
It's always a shame when food goes to waste!"
  He landed near the plaza.
  The shortcut that almost cost him his life had paid off.
  Soujyuro took off running the second his feet touched the ground.
  The puppet after Aoko was the only thing on his mind.
  He paid no mind to the moonlight in the sky,
  nor to the egg which was furious about being used, and seconds away from self-destructing and blasting fragments all over the place.
"Aozaki!"
"Huh?"
  Aoko's dumbfounded expression spurred Soujyuro on.
  The curse was complete.
  The empty egg began to sing its warning to let them know there was no escape.
  Shrapnel from the egg exploded through the air.
  The "Ode to Queen Alice" that Alice had engraved into Dumpty quickly robbed him of his senses.
"Okay... Was that it?"
  He snapped back to the task at hand and ran to Aoko, still lying on the ground.
  His legs moved as if they had a mind of their own,
 though he couldn't have stopped them anyway, since he could no longer feel them.
"Don't you puppets ever give up!?"
  The Scrambled Murder Case.
  Piles of rubble became flowers of light blooming from the earth.
  The final curtain drew closed, and the defeated left the battleground.
  Had Alice Kuonji seen it happen, she would have been beside herself. The two had escaped by a hair's breadth.
  The only person in a position to witness that rare mutual destruction was the girl who had been saved from it.
  The boy who had never stopped running paid it no mind.
"Phew. I thought you were a goner."
  The safety of the girl in his arms meant infinitely more to him than the miraculous way in which he saved her.
  ...The moon did not wait for dawn to set.
  The ornamental texture of the fairy-tale kingdom faded away.
  All of the illusions returned to the way they were before,
  from the ostentatious chords reverberating through the streets,
  to the puppets welcoming their guests.
  Peace and quiet reigned once more
  over a forgotten kingdom, never to be awakened again.
"..."
  Out flickered the embers of a late-night dream...
  ...even the electric lamps that illuminated the park.
  Together, they watched it disappear.
  Soujyuro lay on the ground, desperately gasping for air like a fish out of water.
  The curse of the exploding egg had numbed his pain, and he was understandably exhausted after all he had experienced. He looked like he could be blown away by the lightest of breezes.
  While Aoko was also exhausted, she was still in better shape.
Focused on taking deep, even breaths, she was already working to recover her strength.
"...So."
  She addressed Soujyuro indifferently as her gaze remained on the amusement park.
  The abruptness of it was a bit theatrical in nature. She wanted to look at him as she spoke, but her pride was simply too great.
"...You did something kinda amazing, didn't you?"
  The moment she had accepted death had seemed like an eternity.
  She was beside herself in shock at how indifferent she had been as the shards rained down from the moon.
  But a reassuring voice had snapped her back into reality.
  Why did he do it? What was he thinking? What moronic things had he done to pull it off?
  She had no answers for these questions, lying on the ground as she was. All she knew was that he had more than made up for his failure in the house of mirrors and then some, in those fateful final moments.
  She addressed him, hoping to find answers, but found herself unable to probe any further.
  To dig any deeper would feel like defeat, which is why it was so unlike her to ask him in the first place.
  Lucky for her, Soujyuro had neither the capacity nor sensitivity to understand how egocentric she was being.
"Amazing?
 You were...
...pretty amazing...
...Aozaki."
  He stuttered between labored breaths.
  It was taking him so much effort just to breathe that he could not address her properly.
"...."
  She watched him out of the corner of her eye.
  Thinking back on it, the boy had performed the same role each time.
  Each and every time, he did what he could in spite of his fecklessness.
  It was far more admirable than her nearly suicidal tactics, even if she did defeat her opponent.
  He did not even recognize how extraordinary his last act of courage was.
"Here's an idea. If I help you kill that thing, will you let me go?"
  At the very least, he had the courage to keep trying whatever he could.
"..."
  A spectator might have viewed him as a supporting actor.
  His actions were not exactly memorable.
  But the lead actress he supported did not see it that way.
(Well...
  I don't really want to admit it to myself, much less say it out loud, but...)
  Such inspired actions were wasted in a supporting role.
  This guy really pulled off the impossible. It was so amazing that she wanted to shout it as loud as she possibly could for all the world to hear.
"...Hah."
"Aozaki?"
(God. He's so innocent it makes me want to barf.)
  All Aoko could do was sigh.
  How could she not? Even she was forced to admit that the way he'd snatched her from the jaws of death was... dashing.
"I must be getting soft."
  Truth be told, he was a lunatic for doing what he did.
  She steadied her breathing and composed herself.
  While she was in bad shape, she still had her pride as a mage to consider.
  That was why she felt a need to maintain an air of dignity.
"Sizuki, I originally meant to let you off the hook for today only, but I'm willing to let the whole thing go.
For the time being, I've decided to let you live."
  She hastily extended her right hand.
  It was either to shake his or to help him up.
  However...
  Soujyuro did not take her hand, but instead stood up on his own.
  This night.
Despite the sheer insanity that he had just experienced, his face had not once looked as incredulous as it did now.
"W-what? Something wrong?"
  She stammered, worried that she had deeply embarrassed herself.
  Soujyuro's gaze was fixed upon Aoko.
"..."
  A problem had dawned on Aoko.
Though she normally hated being stared at, this time, she did not mind.
  Rather, she was enjoying the warmth in his eyes and felt like it was something she could almost come to appreciate.
"Don't you get it? This isn't just about friendship! And I didn't mean he only 'likes' you, either! Believe me when I say that Sono-G really―"
(Oh...)
  The conversation came rushing back.
  It was a memory better left forgotten.
(No, not happening!)
  Pushing Tobimaru's words out of her mind, Aoko turned to Soujyuro.
"D-don't get any ideas!
  I don't care about you in the least!"
  Puzzled, Soujyuro tilted his head.
"You already told me how much you dislike me."
  He responded matter-of-factly to her sudden declaration.
"Uuuh..."
  She certainly had pointed that out. And to his face no less.
  It had a mere figure of speech that he was not meant to take literally, but now was not the time to belabor the point.
"I-I'm not talking about that! I'm just saying... you shouldn't get your hopes up, no matter how far you've fallen for me!"
  Yet, belabor she did anyway.
  Aoko blushed slightly, realizing how inane she was being.
  She wondered how she'd ended up in this position.
  And yet, she knew that she had to get this off her chest.
  All that was left was to politely wait for his response.
"I can't date you."
  Such heartbreakingly painful words were too much for the simple boy to hear. His shoulders slumped as if the world was coming to an end...
  ...Or so Aoko had imagined.
  On the contrary, Soujyuro was sitting there in deep thought.
"Did you just say... I'm in love with you?"
  Soujyuro murmured the words as if they were a magic spell.
  She shot right back with the affirmative.
  After a moment of deep contemplation, the boy turned to the expectant girl, and said,
"Why do you think that?"
  He had to be joking.
 But he was not.
  He was completely serious.
(So...)
  He liked her, but he didn't LIKE like her.
  Of course the vice-president had jumped to conclusions. This boy had no interest in romance. He probably didn't even know what that was.
(So... So... So...)
  She was incredibly embarrassed by how confused Soujyuro still appeared to be.
  Her rosy complexion spread throughout her entire body.
"Umm... I'll ask again, but why do you think that?"
"THAT'S WHAT I WANNA KNOW!!!"
(You freaking moron, Tobimaru!!!)
  Just like that...
She had lost her cool and given in to an unjustifiable outburst.
  It was time to seal off the area and destroy all evidence.
  Aoko's embarrassment devolved into sheer panic, and her grudge against Tobimaru suddenly manifested as criminal assault.
  She lashed out with a punch that could have taken down a bird mid-flight. More specifically, it was a brutal right hook.
"Ah..."
  Aoko blinked. Her blow had connected with something solid, snapping her out of her reverie.
  Her temper had lashed out at the completely defenseless Soujyuro.
  It had been a splendid blow with all her weight behind it, knocking him out cold.
"..."
  Soujyuro groaned, crumpling to the ground.
  Her punch finished the job that the curse had started.
  If not for the discomfort on his face, he appeared almost to be sleeping. Aoko convinced herself that he was napping, not concussed.
"...Well, whatever. It was always going to end like this anyway."
  The tension in her shoulders eased away as she looked down at Soujyuro. A ton had gotten in her way over the course of today, but the day was saved, for now.
  With nobody left to butt heads, she felt exhaustion finally overtake her.
"Ugh... How the heck am I going to walk home like this?"
  Her fatigue was enough to make her complain out loud.
  When she thought about it, she realized that this was the first time she had used up all of her magical energy and the first time she had participated in a battle of this scale without any prior preparation.
  Though in truth...
"It would have ended in mutual destruction if I'd been alone."
  She felt somewhat proud as she whispered those words.
  Normally, it was something that she would beat herself up over, but instead, she simply shrugged her shoulders with a bitter smile.
  After all, it was thanks to the person sleeping by her side.
"...Hey. You can't hear me, can you?"
  As if the night had swallowed her voice before it reached him, she received no response.
  Confident, she continued in an even quieter voice.
"So, uh, thank you.
 You really got me out of a jam, there."
  Of course, there was no response from Soujyuro, and she was not expecting one. Saying it for the record was enough.
  Aoko watched Soujyuro sleep for a while and then pulled something out of her pocket.
  It was the palm-sized glass bottle her roommate had given her, which she opened with a pop.
"But none of this matters."
  Leaving behind words colder than a winter chill at night, she called out his name.
  She barely sensed the bottle moving.
  As the silhouette of the fallen boy appeared to blur, she got the feeling that the weight of the bottle had increased slightly.
"Whoa. That's kind of weird."
  What appeared to be a human form could clearly be seen inside the glass.
  Alice Kuonji's tools were Mystics that confounded even the most knowledgeable of mages.
  As soon as Aoko tried to analyze them with logic or reason, she was already out of her depth.
  Knowing this all too well, Aoko closed the bottle and watched the boy disappear as if by some magic trick.
"Jeez. This is no stage trick. It's actual magic."
  She muttered as she looked into the magical bottle.
  Its weight had not changed significantly, and she had no idea how it worked, but the one thing she did know was that there was a human being inside of it.
  Its light weight was almost unnerving,
  closer to empty air than a human being.
  It was about as heavy as one would expect if they'd bottled a summer breeze.
  Though, that did fit her image of Soujyuro perfectly.
"It's just like Alice said..."
  She muttered to no one in particular as she recalled the past.
"This really isn't like me."
  Aoko wore a bittersweet smile. Her usual moodiness was gone.
  It was a dangerous world out there. It was good to have someone to keep her on her toes.
  With a wry chuckle, she flicked the magical bottle with her finger and set off walking.
  She could hear a bell in the distance, signaling the end of the play.
  An ephemeral dream gave way to reality. In the grand scheme of things, it had been but an instant.
  As the actors exited stage left, the last of the lights silently flickered out.
  And so, the long-dead amusement park played its final role, as a memory for a boy and a girl.
  Faded glory returned to Kitsy Land.
  The neon glow of innumerable lights illuminated the night.
  Speakers filled the air with the sound of vinyl music.
  Merry-go-rounds, small and large, whirled round and round.
  All in all, it made for a mind-bending spectacle.
  It was certainly possible to power the facilities by transmuting magical energy into electricity via alchemy.
  That said...
  Simply supplying the park with electricity would not have brought back to life that which was broken.
  The young woman did this not by mixing chemicals into a compound, but by melting down divine providence into a witch's brew.
(...This is bad. I've seen her Ploys, and this one is something completely new.)
"...<Connecting.|Set.>"
  Stifling her anxiety, Aoko fired up the crest on her right arm.
  If Magic Circuits were a mage's engine,
  then their crest was software that assisted their magecraft.
  For the fledgling mage Aoko, this was her trump card.
  All she had to do was supply magical energy to her crest-based formula. It may not have been the strongest magecraft, but it was hers; proof that she was the successor of the Aozaki lineage.
"Execute double layer. Direct current to crest."
  The pattern of her crest shifted to execute the formula, which then connected to her Magic Circuits.
  The process resembled trains changing rails, a puzzle involving dozens of circuits.
  She constructed it as swiftly as possible without sacrificing the quality of its construction.
  Instant magecraft cast without an incantation would not be enough to reach Alice Kuonji.
  Aoko had gauged the strength of Alice's defense with her initial shots.
  She would dial up the power five times the next time, driving twenty tons of force into her target.
  Alice had the protection of the thick, hanging fog and the dense barrier around her.
  However, this attack would be more than enough to pierce through both.
  If Aoko struck home, it could cave in Alice's chest and end the fight.
  At worst, it would at least knock Alice down from her position atop the clock tower.
"Hey, I have a question."
  As always, there was one guy who spoiled the deadly tension, pulling Aoko out of killer mode.
  Soujyuro had been looking back and forth between Aoko and Alice in confusion.
"What's going on now?"
  He said it like he might ask
for directions to the train station.
"..."
  Normally, she would have lashed out in response, but his deadly serious tone shocked rather than angered her.
"...Unbelievable. Is this my life now?"
  Aoko swallowed back a sigh and returned her focus to activating her crest.
"Negotiations have broken down. I pissed her off a bit too much.
  From her perspective, this is a good chance to kill me off. Along with the entire theme park, I guess."
"???"
  Soujyuro tilted his head, as if begging for a simpler explanation.
"She's really got it in for me. I can't even imagine what sort of death she has in store if she catches me.
  ...What I'm saying is, neither of us are getting out of this alive unless we do something about her."
"So you're saying I got dragged into your quarrel!?"
"Pretty much!"
  As Soujyuro protested in a tone wholly inappropriate to the situation, Aoko let another blast rip from her right arm.
  She was not aiming at Soujyuro, though.
  A little earlier in the day and Aoko would have been happy to do exactly that, but now, her attention was focused on the girl in black atop the clock tower.
"!?!?!?"
  Aoko's mind struggled to catch up to her astonishment.
  She had fired the strongest, fastest magic bullet she had the ability to conjure, and Alice blocked it.
  That much was to be expected;
  when Alice set her mind to defending herself, such an attack was child's play.
  But what just happened?
  Something Aoko had never seen before leapt to Alice's defense.
  A team of horses? A plague of locusts? No―those existed in the real world, unlike what Aoko had just witnessed.
  Normal creatures could not form like a spontaneous cloud of fog and then dissipate just as quickly into the night sky.
"What...?"
  Impossible things moved in impossible ways.
  Alice was not even supplying them with any power source.
  Those things never needed power in the first place.
  Those broken and discarded things did not follow the rules of mankind.
  This was an invasion of fairy tales.
  Compared to them, the automaton looked merciful.
  Autonomous puppets were products of magecraft, but even then they behaved as puppets should.
  These newly animated things, however, were nothing of the sort.
  Empty vessels became living creatures―
  dummies warped into malformed beings.
  There was a fog so dense with magical energy it visibly spread to all corners of the park,
  bringing with it a monstrous welcoming party that easily numbered over a thousand.
"...!!!"
  Spurred on by the shuddering sensation running down her spine, Aoko fired a barrage of single-action magic bullets.
  Her impulsive attack scattered futilely.
"Ah!"
  The knights of the merry-go-round soared into the sky.
  Green, fire-breathing lizards flocked.
  The bakeries opened their doors once again, and human-sized loaves of fresh bread marched from their ovens as platoons of newly-baked soldiers.
"...Aozaki, behind you!"
  Aoko and Soujyuro were completely surrounded.
  The Ferris wheel creaked as it gently turned.
  A rickety train car raced about the roller coaster tracks with Kitsy, tears streaming down its face, aboard.
  It was a grossly twisted fantasy.
  The girl in black reigned over the insanity-fueled park.
  Oh, now we're screwed.
  Aoko was transfixed by the scene unfolding around her. Then, she realized what was happening.
"...Oh, I know what this is."
  Alice had once told her of Meinster's familiars.
  Among them were three of particular notoriety, one of which she recalled being capable of something similar to this.
  And it was called...
"Ploy Kickshaw... Flat Snark!"
"Seriously, Aozaki! Behind you!"
"...!"
  Struck by Aoko's bullets, the creatures exploded into splinters.
  It was clear Aoko's shots were becoming more powerful, but it was also the case that these beings were less robust than your average automata.
"Sizuki, this way!"
  Aoko turned away from the clock tower, grabbed his hand, and began to run.
"Wait, Aozaki?!"
"Sorry, no time!
  We're running!"
"Running? To where?!"
"It doesn't matter! Anywhere!"
  She shouted as though trying to persuade herself as she valiantly cleared a path.
  Aoko's magic bullets flew like a scream.
  Blowing away the creatures that blocked―or simply gathered around―their path, she made a hole for them to escape through.
  Magical bullets exploded like blue fireworks.
  Aoko and Soujyuro ran down the bumpy brick road.
  Their bond, forged in the heat of battle, went far beyond mutual convenience.
  They headed for the park's exit at full speed without exchanging a word or a look.
  The weirdness only extended as far as the park border,
  so they would be safe as long as they made it outside.
  But...
  Speaking in pure numbers, the difference in strength was two versus an army.
  Or rather, one versus an army.
  Soujyuro was hardly useful in this situation,
  and "man"-power wasn't really the issue here, since they were facing puppets.
"You okay!?
  Those were some giant pincers back there!"
  Aoko shouted as she blasted away the monsters that stood in their path.
  There was no time to stop for breath, or even to look back.
"Yeah, just barely!"
  As Soujyuro pursued, his voice, too, had naturally become shrill.
  ...Five minutes earlier.
  They had broken out of the siege at the plaza surprisingly fast.
  It seemed that the residents' awakening differed case-by-case, with larger creatures taking additional time.
"We're lucky they're not the morning type!"
  Aoko joked as she mowed down the small fry that popped up.
  But then.
"Eh?"
  Without warning, something outrageous extended its way down from above them.
  It was the claws of the sixty-foot lobster adorning the roof of a seafood restaurant.
"...!"
  Its pincers were like a guillotine.
  As Aoko and Soujyuro cut across the front of the restaurant, the red king pressed in at tremendous speed, keen on splitting them each in two.
"Sizuki, hard about! This way's no good!"
  The gate was just on the other side of the restaurant, but they had to take the long way around in order to lose the giant lobster snapping at their heels.
  Waiting along their detour had been a horde of monsters, too many to count.
"Yeah, just barely!"
  Soujyuro called out in response, recalling just how narrowly he had avoided his head being severed clean from his body.
"In front of us! What the heck are those? Are they freshly baked!?"
"It looks like it! In other words, they're the cannon fodder!"
  Aoko halted her sprint and set her crest into full operation.
(Range: seven, six, five yards...!
  At this distance, Snap'll take them down!)
  Sliding along the brick path, she brandished her right arm.
  She loosed a shower of magic bullets.
  Snap was a single-action spell that favored rate of fire over power, and it mowed down the monsters with satisfying pops.
"...Aozaki, more over there!"
"Roger that!"
  Blue explosions bloomed along the lamp-lit promenade.
  Aoko's curtain of fire fanned out―it was a marvelous Starmine fireworks show.
  The toy bread-men turned to charcoal.
(We can do this! They've got us overpowered in numbers, but at this rate we'll be able to get out of here!)
"Sizuki, how's it look over there!?"
"Looks clear to me! We should be able to approach the exit from the east!"
  With a magical barrage that would leave an average spellcaster blue in the face, the novice mage broke through the siege.
  Meanwhile...
  A single bird keenly watched everything unfold.
  Chirp, cheep-cheep-cheep, chirp!
  The moment the blue bird descended into its master's field of vision, it made its high-pitched call.
  The girl listened expressionlessly to the report.
"...No matter. Everything is going as  expected.
  Even if she only knows how to shoot and destroy, the way Aoko uses magical energy is extraordinary. Hastily formed familiars are no match for her."
  The robin flapped its wings as it tweeted in response.
  Perhaps it was criticizing Alice for complimenting Aoko.
  Or, perhaps it was jealous of Aoko for being praised by Alice.
  Alice could barely make sense of its chirping rant.
  Aoko Aozaki was a novice mage.
  Until just two years ago, she had grown up with no background in magecraft. Compared to Alice, who was raised as a witch from birth, Aoko possessed far less talent and experience.
  There was simply no comparison to be made―
  in a contest of skills in magecraft, ten times out of ten, Alice would be declared the victor.
  However, that narrative changed when it came to a battle for life-or-death.
  Alice Kuonji was not the type of mage suited to combat,
  while Aoko Aozaki, on the other hand, was built for it.
  In a contest that pitted magical energy against magical energy, even Alice would concede that Aoko had the upper hand.
  Aoko's manipulation of magical energy was extraordinary.
  The scale of her Magic Circuits was smaller than that of Alice, but their rotational speed, durability, and output quality―not to mention efficiency―were otherworldly.
  That was Aoko Aozaki's hallmark.
  Though she had many failings when handling sophisticated formulae,
  in just two years of practice, Aoko had surpassed Alice in simple formulae that merely required an energy input.
  She also had a genius' instincts and adaptability.
  Though Aoko was not particularly proficient at executing magecraft, she was terrifyingly fast.
  If she had been born outside the Aozaki clan, she would have doubtless risen to fame as a competitive sharpshooter.
"What a pity."
  In a straight shootout, Alice did not stand a chance.
  Alice Kuonji had never bothered to learn primitive magecraft like magic bullets in the first place.
  She was the classic puppeteer.
  Her familiars served as her arms and legs to carry out all the particulars of a battle.
"Clock's ticking, Aoko.
  I'm happy to lend you all the ammunition you like, but after an hour, those bullets will be worthless."
  Chirping as if in agreement, the robin took flight.
  It had been nearly ten minutes since Alice had made the amusement park into her dominion.
  To what would the green fog give birth next?
  Aoko and Soujyuro, still running about, would soon come to understand the gravity of their situation.
"Sizuki, is this the way out?!"
"Yeah, the exit is just around that store!"
  Running nonstop at full speed had them at their limits.
  Their breath ragged, the duo rounded a corner at a breakneck pace.
  Amusement park though it was, this was still the infamous Kitsy Land.
  It would have taken a high school student twenty minutes to sprint the entire circumference of the park.
  And though they were now intimately familiar with the park's geography...
"..."
"..."
  ...It was changing beyond recognition. 
  The transformation was not limited to the park's residents, either.
"Aozaki?"
"...What?!"
"I hate to ask, but... is it just me, or is the park getting bigger?"
  It was.
Their problem wasn't as mundane as mistaking the location of the exits, nor the strange terrain.
  No, the park was warping and twisting in upon itself.
  Even as they ran, its structure was expanding and growing, like that of a living creature.
"..."
  Soon, the pair noticed that the mob encircling them had grown even stronger.
  Entrusting her back to Soujyuro, Aoko summoned all of her effort just to keep from whining.
  No one would blame Soujyuro for cowering in shock,
  but for Aoko to do the same?
  She bore responsibility for causing and then dragging him into this mess.
  She could not afford to succumb to panic.
(...Pull yourself together, Aoko.
  The park has to end somewhere. It may be far, but the fence is right there.
  Even Flat Snark has limits. Getting to the exit is the right choice, I think.
  But from here, it looks the better part of a mile away.)
  Up until now they had been too concerned with simply running.
  Their breathing had become labored.
  If they had to run another mile without rest, they'd end up collapsing along the way.
"...Aozaki? How are you holding up? Physically, I mean."
"W-what?"
  The whisper from behind pulled Aoko back to reality.
"I'm fine... but... I need to catch my breath."
"...Good idea. We'll never make it outside if we don't rest."
"...You know, I never would have thought you'd be okay with making a run for it."
  She let slip a giggle.
  Far from debilitated by panic, her comrade-in-arms had been analyzing the situation and forming an escape plan.
"Why don't we hole up in one of those buildings for a while?"
"...I don't like it, but it's our best option right now."
  The bread-men had them completely surrounded.
  Perhaps this might have been a problem for an average person, but for Aoko, breaking through their formation to get to the building would be a cinch.
  The issue was...
"...Which store to pick?"
  She considered the characteristics of the transforming park.
  What would pose a danger, and what was safe?
  The most important factor was not the strength or the complexity of the building...
(Keep it simple, stupid!)
"Sizuki, this way!"
  After routing the monsters, Aoko hopped behind the counter, soon followed by Soujyuro.
"Get behind the counter!"
  Like she was in a Western shootout, Aoko squared off against the monsters, using the counter as cover.
"Bingo! Nothing in here can get Snarkified!"
  After assessing the current state of the enemy, Aoko sat down under the counter.
"What are they doing?"
"They're stamping their feet in frustration, because they're angry that they can't get in."
"?"
  Aoko gave the perplexed Soujyuro a grin and took a moment to catch her breath.
  She heaved a heavy sigh of relief and fatigue.
"We'll take five here. This restaurant is the blandest place in the park, which makes it their Achilles' heel.
  The registers and utensils are all modern, and there are no mascot characters. It's just a bit too civilized for Snark to mess with."
"Snark?"
"That's their name, though Alice is the one who came up with it... I think. It doesn't really sound like her, but whatever. That's what they're called."
  Perhaps now at ease from knowing they were safe, Soujyuro seemed enthralled in her explanation.
  Aoko could not help but chuckle as Soujyuro nodded sagely. It was certain that he had no idea what she was talking about.
  Normally this would have irritated her, but this time she was grateful for the warmth of his strange sobriety.
"It's good that you seem better, Aozaki."
  Mistaking her smile for composure, Soujyuro broke into a smile himself.
  It was just another link in a chain of misunderstandings, but there was no need to redress it.
"Oh, you can tell?
  Yeah, my magic bullets are getting more powerful."
"Well, you did chase me all around that house of mirrors while firing those things at me, so I guess I've become really familiar with them, for better or worse."
"Are you sure you're okay, though? I remember you mentioning that you had a limited number of shots, but you've fired at least twenty or thirty so far, right?"
"You know, every now and then, you..."
"?"
  Her opinion of him improved, just a little bit.
"Never mind.
  My bullets' increase in power is a simple matter of the density of their magical energy. You've seen that fog around the park from a bit ago, right? It's all just magical energy. Think of it as fuel for my bullets."
  Magical energy was divided into two broad categories.
  First was od, produced inside a mage's body.
  Second was mana, which filled the atmosphere.
  At the moment, the amusement park had turned into a fairy-tale land, overflowing with mana.
  Although it meant nothing to the average person, to a mage it was a paradise where spells could be cast as much as one pleased.
"So that means you don't have to worry about how much magic-whatever you have left then.
  All we need to worry about are injuries and stamina?"
"...Well, as far as our own lives are concerned, yeah."
  Soujyuro breathed a sigh of relief.
  From Soujyuro's perspective, more so than the monsters she mowed down, Aoko was the biggest bully on the playground.
  He had been concerned about what would happen should her magical energy be exhausted, but luckily for him she was far from surrendering her crown.
"It's nice that you trust me and all, but let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Those minions out there are just walking garbage.
  If Alice summons any other fairy-tale monsters, let alone the actual Snark making an appearance, there's nothing I'll be able to do."
"Other fairy-tale monsters? You mean there are others apart from the thing that changed the park?"
"Yes. They're called Ploy Kickshaws, aberrations that even we mages can't stand to look at.
They're nonsense lost to time, used to revive impossible fantasies."
"?"
  Soujyuro's expression seemed to be calling her out on the hypocrisy.
"Hey, most of us have modern standards, you know.
  Obviously there are things we can't do, and we're no match for modern weapons. The twentieth century―well, a bunch of wars helped weapons technology catch up to us."
"...But that girl is a different beast altogether. Mankind's evolution can't hold a flame to her power.
  Take those bread-men, for instance.
  Something like a machine gun would have no effect on them, probably because guns make no sense to them."
  Aoko casually gestured outside, past the counter.
"Alice's familiars are Mystics kneaded from fantasies.
  They're all impossible in the first place, so they don't play nice with the laws of physics. That shouldn't come as a surprise, since fantasy and reality can't exist together."
"...I see. So they're literally walking loaves of bread."
  Soujyuro seemed to have ignored the majority of Aoko's explanation and only reacted to the part that caught his curiosity.
"...To get back on topic,
  Modern arms don't stand a chance against those things. Even rockets would be useless. They aren't part of the same order or shared consciousness as us."
"To the Ploy Kickshaws―to the fairy-tale monsters―anything that doesn't exist in their world, anything they don't understand, disintegrates before it can even touch them.
  Only something equally nonsense can touch them, like magical energy infused with the same level of Mystics. They exist wholly in their own conceptual space or cosmos―"
"..."
"...Ahem.
  In short, they're protected by a special rule known as Folklore Defense, meaning that neither pure force nor strong magecraft have much effect. They can't be taken down without exploiting the weaknesses found in their original stories.
  Are you familiar with the Greek myth of Achilles? It's a good, straightforward example."
  Soujyuro shook his head.
"Of course you aren't. If we get out of this alive, have Tobimaru tell you about it.
  It's a cliché, but it's a good story."
  Soujyuro was feeling pretty lost, but he did his best to grasp the situation.
  He thought that Ploy Kickshaws were scary enough to chase Aoko and that puppet from before out of the house barefoot.
  Certainly, the scene before them was the stuff of nightmares.
  But Soujyuro had a different way of thinking.
"I think you're more scared than me, Aozaki."
"Do you want to die?!"
  Soujyuro waved in protest, silently pointing out that she had made his case for him.
"Listen to me: the things surrounding us now are little more than fodder.
  As far as Alice is concerned, the bread-men, the lobster, the meat mincer at the sausage place―they're all worth even less than my magic bullets are to me.
  Got it? The moving mascots and all the rest are a sideshow. They're nothing more than the breath of the monster she unleashed."
"These things...are just the breath?"
"Yeah, crazy, I know.
  But that's what we're dealing with right now. Just one of those fairy-tale monsters is enough to keep us busy.
So if Alice decides to add another, we might as well give up."
"Add another? Isn't there some sort of limit?"
"If she decides not to be stingy, she has a few more up her sleeve. Though... well, there are conditions to bringing them out.
  Like one monster that won't wake up if there's no river nearby. The park has fountains, sure, but no river, right? Her familiars are bound by their underlying stories."
"By fairy tale, you mean like the one about a bowl of soba noodles?"
"Let me tell you, it's a small mercy there's no river here. Otherwise, something way better at squishing us would have appeared by now."
  Aoko continued, completely ignoring Soujyuro.
"Anyway, as I was saying...
  The foundation of Alice's magecraft is Mother Goose.
Right, you wouldn't know that either. Mother Goose was an author of whimsical English nursery rhymes.
  To be honest, this type of Ploy Kickshaw isn't all that scary.
Taking them down with some form of magecraft is totally possible."
"...I'm afraid to ask, but what about the scary kind, then?"
"They follow another fairy tale inspired by Mother Goose.
  Alice's mother was particularly fond of it, and every single one is bizarre. No mage wants to go up against one of those things."
"As it happens, that's exactly what brought the park back to life.
  I'm pretty sure it's the one she calls Flat Snark, though I wasn't particularly paying attention, so I'm a little hazy on the details."
"..."
  Soujyuro swallowed the discomfort making its way up his throat.
  He really wanted her to explain things a little less vaguely, but something she had just said necessitated further investigation.
"Wait a second, Aozaki. You mean to tell me you weren't paying attention?"
"Well, you know, it was a while back that she explained it all to me, and I didn't really believe anything she had to say around then.
  I thought that maybe she was talking up her own magecraft to a newbie, or that she wasn't taking me seriously. Ahaha."
  In truth, if anyone hadn't taken the lesson seriously, it was Aoko.
  She would learn that lesson firsthand soon enough, when she experienced just how real Alice's monsters were.
  She'd also discover how heretical the Meinster witches truly were, in the world of magecraft.
"...Can you remember anything else about them?"
"From what I understand, it's a Ploy that puts up a powerful Bounded Field.
Alice inherited a lot of Ploys, but this is one of her finest.
  It takes discarded and forgotten things and resurrects them like what happens in fairy tales. Supposedly, nobody's ever defeated it.
  Oh, and its nickname is 'The Untouchable.'"
"So it's not Flat Snark, or whatever it was?"
"That's just a nickname, too. Since nobody knows what its real form is, it picked up a few names along the way.
  One of them is 'Flat Snark,' and it ranks high among her other nonsense in terms of how little is known about it.
  Have you heard of the book The Hunting of the Snark by Lewis Carroll?"
"No, and who is Loo-wis Car-rel?"
"Okay, then... let's start from the beginning. Professor Dodgson was, hmm. He was a delusional gentleman with a peculiar disposition. Not that it matters right now. It's a waste of time to explain to some people."
"What's important is the work he left behind.
  The Hunting of the Snark is a book about a band of adventurers who try to capture an unidentified monster known as the Snark."
"It's very Carroll: satirical, nonsensical, and cryptic. It doesn't even really have an ending, either. Though the party does ultimately find the Snark on its island after much hardship, it ends with the protagonist who found it, the Baker, suddenly disappearing.
  It's a satire about people who run about busily trying to find something they don't understand. But when it comes to the park here, it's pretty clear who the Baker is and who the Snark is, right?"
  Aoko elected not to share this, but Flat Snark had other popular names as well.
  The Enigmatic Island. The Five-Dimensional Plane.
  These names were not given to it by Alice, but rather muttered by mages whom the Meinsters defeated.
  In mathematics, 'snark' is a term used in graph theory to refer to contradictory and impossible planar graphs.
  A plane, proven to be unable to exist in this world, was given the name, apt for an ill-fated existence paradoxical in nature.
  The fairy-tale monster ascribed this name was said to hold no form discoverable by man.
  Aoko also declined to mention something else:
  Flat Snark was a fairy-tale monster that could grow.
  It would hide somewhere in the amusement park, continuously exhaling magical energy until the park completely transformed into a fantasy land.
"...Well, it's not like there's any point in scaring him."
"Did you say something, Aozaki?"
"Nope. I was just thinking, Flat Snark's power is its ability to bring fairy-tale worlds to life...
  When you think about it, the park makes for the perfect backdrop. I mean, it was originally a playground based on fairy tales, anyway."
  If this had been a business district, for example, Flat Snark would have posed far less of a threat.
  At most, its power would be limited to projecting the shadow of a dinosaur onto a building's window panes.
"Ah, so that's why it's safe―
 Hm?"
  Soujyuro realized that something was wrong when he noticed a glutinous liquid dripping onto his back.
"Uh, um―"
  He looked up to the ceiling.
Their eyes met.
Before he had a chance to think, Soujyuro hopped up from the floor.
"Aozaki, get out, now!"
  Taking the initiative, he jumped out from behind the counter.
"Are you mad? What do you think you're―"
  Trying to stop him from committing an act of suicide, she also came to her feet.
  Immediately, she noticed something coming to life overhead.
"What the―!? Oh, crap!"
"Oh my god, that was close!"
  The gargantuan mouth clamped shut.
  With no mascot to speak of, the burger joint itself began to transform into one giant monster.
"Who the hell paints a giant clown on the ceiling!?
  Shouldn't they have flexed their creative muscle somehow else!? If they liked clowns that much, why didn't they put it at the entrance!?"
  Aoko aired out her grievances as she ran.
  ...There was no safe haven left.
  Moment by moment, the last remnants of civilization were being eroded away by fairy tales.
  The amusement park had reached the final stage of Snarkification.
  It was not just the mascot characters that had been granted life;
  like the burger joint, even the buildings had begun to transform.
  The roller coaster that made its way about the park writhed and twisted like a Chinese dragon.
"..."
  Aoko and Soujyuro stared, dumbfounded by the Ferris wheel, which had grown to over two hundred and fifty feet in height.
  Hordes of bread-men closed in on them, as if to offer tickets.
"I'm telling you, the line is under control!"
  Mobs of trinkets―actual kickshaws―rampaged the park.
  Whenever a hole was punched in the envelopment, it was instantly filled.
  It was a battle of attrition with no end in sight.
But that was a matter of course, as there were few fairy tales about limited resources.
"This is hopeless!
  They just keep coming!"
"Look for the Snark's real form!
  A fairy tale monster always has some vessel for its body! If we can just destroy that, we should be able to get out of here!"
"A body? What kind of body?!"
"I already told you, fairy tale monsters can't exist in reality! Anything weird or impossible you've never seen before―that's going to be it!"
"Something weird or impossible? I need an example!"
"Do I have to spell it out for you?!
  Living puppets, flying go karts..."
  Aoko paused her firing for a moment.
  After saying this out loud, she realized just how deep their grave was dug.
  The amusement park was a treasure trove of fairy tale-esque creatures on any given day.
  Who could say what was impossible amidst the newly transfigured knickknacks running around?
"...Damn. Everything in here is weird."
(So it's hiding in plain sight...)
  Hoping that she was wrong, Aoko bit her bottom lip.
  Flat Snark was the type of Ploy that deployed Bounded Fields.
  Seeing as it was commanding so many familiars, it would not be unusual for its main body to have little or even no defenses.
  Furthermore, if it was modeled from a story about it being untouchable and unidentifiable, it would be logical to assume that it would collapse in on itself shortly after being discovered.
(Which means... We find it, we win.
  Would something so fragile really hide among its minions? They do say that the best place to hide a leaf is in the woods...)
  This was closer to the truth than Aoko realized.
  As long as there was the slightest possibility of it being hit by one of Aoko's stray bullets, it would not dare appear in front of them.
  Its true form was orchestrating the park from somewhere safe.
(I'm sure we've seen it already.
  It's the subject of a book named after it. If it's not standing out on every page, it has no right to be the title character!)
  But where?
  Put very simply, the Ferris wheel was the safest location in the park, as well as a symbol of its past glory. Perhaps...
"What if we just try to catch her instead!?"
  Her eyes opened wide at the sudden suggestion.
  While Aoko had been trying to come up with a plan to overcome this stalemate, it seemed Soujyuro had been racking his brain as well.
  His proposal was a simple one.
  If they could not find the Snark, they just needed to take out its master, Alice.
  Alice had not moved at all from the clock tower.
  Even from here, they could make out her figure, draped in moonlight.
"That's the worst move we could make!
  Even if we killed her, it wouldn't stop the Snark, and all of this absurdity would just boil over to outside the park!
  Not to mention, I can't even kill her in the first place! At best, I could only get halfway there!"
  A bread-man, angered at the insults hurled toward its master, moved to attack and was mercilessly burned to a crisp.
  The two stood back-to-back, catching their breath.
  With no plan to speak of and no route of escape, they had reached rock bottom.
  Meanwhile, the oddities were forming a circle around their prey, as if they smelled blood in the water.
  Were they to be dragged into a bakery for the oven?
  Minced in the meat grinder at the butcher shop?
  Skewered and paraded around atop the carousel?
  Walk the plank of the thorny pirate ship?
  After two years of slumber, they were eager to welcome their new guests.
"There's something I need to ask you, Aozaki."
"What is it? Keep it snappy. I'm thinking here."
"Okay. It's painfully clear what these things want to do to us, but what about her? Does she enjoy this?"
"I doubt it.
These things' hatred of humans comes from a deep-seated grudge within the park itself, and maybe even Flat Snark's personality too. Alice's familiars are one big family of freaks.
  Though, now that you mention it..."
  Aoko was unable to deny that there were some similarities.
"Good to know. ...So, did you come up with anything, Aozaki? How do we stop them?"
"Sorry to get your hopes up, but I'm all out of ideas. Oh, but I bet they'd stop if you dropped dead."
"No, thank you! Let's just get out of here!"
"Hey, wait! Sizuki!?"
  She blinked in surprise at the sudden turn of events.
  Soujyuro, who had until now been meekly following her lead, had grabbed Aoko's hand and pulled her with him into a head-on charge at the swarm of bread, in an attempt to break out of the encirclement.
"Are you out of your mind!?
  How on earth do you figure this is what we do next!?"
  Aoko nonetheless followed Soujyuro's uncharacteristically gung-ho lead, cursing him all the while.
  Alone, he had no chance of breaking through the surrounding wall of enemies with brute force.
  Aoko regained her bearings and let fly a spray of magic bullets ahead of Soujyuro.
"Hah...!"
  They burst through the net and ran as hard as they could.
  At this point, all that was left to do was what they had planned from the outset: get out of the park.
  But not before addressing what needed to be addressed.
"Where the hell did that come from! Hadn't you already given up back at the house of mirrors?!"
  Aoko could not begin to comprehend Soujyuro's reaction.
"That was then and this is now! Just run!"
"What are you talking about!? Alice wants to kill you for exactly the same reasons I did! This won't play out any differently!"
  Though she wondered what was getting her so worked up, Aoko did not stop.
  She told herself that the degree of Soujyuro's stupidity, charging the bread-men so recklessly, had caused her to lose her cool.
"Hey, don't get the wrong idea! I'm gonna try and kill you again tomorrow! I'll really do it! So if you don't want to die, you should be trying to escape me too, got it?!"
"Then let's talk about that tomorrow! I don't really care if you kill me, but just don't want to be killed by that girl!"
"Like I said, WHY THE HELL NOT!?"
"I don't even know what she looks like, nor have I ever spoken to her!"
"...What?"
  It was like someone had doused water over her blazing fury.
  Aoko's anger was snuffed out by the absurd simplicity of his reasoning.
"Because you don't know what she looks like?"
  Could it be that Soujyuro did not mind being killed by someone as long as he had met them?
  Aoko grimaced as she followed him. 
  From her spot atop the clock tower, the girl observed the growth of her familiar.
  Flat Snark.
  A savior of the discarded.
  It was a vile, vulgar fairy-tale monster who provided those abandoned by fate with a glimmer of hope, before snatching it away.
  Alice had it under her control, but she was still keen to keep the Snark from expressing its bad habits.
  After completing a lap around the park that had now reached the size of an entire town, the robin made its situation report.
"...So. They're trying to get out."
  It seemed Aoko was prioritizing the safety of the boy.
  Even if it resulted in wasting an entire day, choosing not to capitulate on a decision was very much like her.
"That's too bad. I was sure Aoko would attempt to burn down the clock tower and me with it."
  The blue bird cheeped in response.
  Was it denying its master's portrait of Aoko,
  or agreeing that it was Aoko's style to do exactly that?
  An outsider might interpret its interjections either way.
"Does this bore you?"
  The robin jumped at being addressed so unexpectedly.
  It chirped and flapped its wings like a flustered servant, frantic to say otherwise.
"...It's rare for us to get along so well.
  Okay then. If it's a game she wants, a game she'll get. Let's liven things up a bit, shall we?"
  Calmly, she pulled out a small object from her pocket.
  It was a dark-gray Easter egg, and emanating from inside it was the ticking of a clock.
  The robin knew it to be a Ploy Kickshaw with a bad attitude far exceeding Flat Snark's, known to be among the best in one-on-one situations.
"Go. I've set the extolling time for twenty minutes.
  Break, in that subtle way of yours."
  And together with the witch's breath, the egg filled with praise disappeared.
  Suddenly, a strong wind swept through the park.
      The words "I could have killed them all by myself" floated through the air.
  It was the disappointment of something enormous that was visible to all, yet overlooked.
  Aoko and Soujyuro continued their dash toward the boundary separating the park from outside.
  The curio horde that stood in their way had reduced in number.
  The iron fence that separated the two from the outside world was just over three hundred yards away.
  Fortunately, there were no particularly large buildings barring their path.
  If the Ferris wheel had stood in their way, that would have spelled the end, but thankfully, it had yet to reach its full strength.
  The only things that appeared before them were weak oddities that could easily be handled by Aoko's simple magecraft.
"At this rate, we just might..."
  She would have said "make it to the fence," if only her lungs would allow it.
  Since Aoko was utilizing the ample mana filling the park, her tank of magical energy was nearly full.
  Moreover, the condition of her body's circuits was steadily improving, to the extent that she would be able to unleash at least one all-out onslaught.
"...?"
  Until...
Something unusual was hovering above her field of vision.
  It was locked on Soujyuro, hovering ten feet above him over to one side.
"Sizuki! Look!"
"What? That thing? It's been on us for a while."
  Soujyuro had seemingly noticed it before Aoko, hence his previous awkward glances toward the sky.
  In truth, it would have been stranger for him not to notice as the thing was practically glued to him.
  In terms of its size, the floating object measured about three feet in diameter.
  Tiles covered its exterior, about which a multitude of spinning lights danced about.
"Is that an... egg?"
  Soujyuro asked, not really sure what to call it.
"An egg? If it's an egg, then that means it'll crack!"
  Her bullets bounced off like it was made of rubber.
  That trait―the ability to deflect all outside interference―confirmed to Aoko that this thing was undoubtedly a Ploy Kickshaw.
"Knew it. I can't break its rules from the outside.
  Sizuki, don't take your eyes off it even for a second!
  No matter what happens, keep your eyes locked on it! Even if it's just in the corner of your vision!"
"O-Okay?"
  Aoko picked up her pace as she barked orders.
  The egg man who sat on a wall...
  He would crack, just as the tale spoke of.
  Nothing anyone could do or say would cause him to fall, but the moment they stopped looking, he would tumble down and break into pieces.
"'All the king's horses and all the king's men could put him back together again.' Or so it's said."
  It was the Mother Goose poem, Humpty Dumpty.
  If Soujyuro was its target, then the moment he averted his gaze, it would tumble and explode.
"Except for the exploding part. Who knows what'll happen when it falls."
  Either way, it was going to scatter something troublesome when it fell.
  Its oval shape, the keyhole adorning the front, and writing inscribed upon it... They all made her anxious.
  If it was an egg, that meant it was going to hatch at some point.
  Even if he continued his stare, once the time came for whatever was inside to come out, they would have even less ability to conserve their energy.
"Aozaki, slow down, would you!
  If you use up all of your energy now, you'll―"
"Forget about what comes next!
  Just focus on watching that egg!"
  At this critical juncture, bread-men stepped out to join the egg and block their path.
"Out of the way!"
  The bread-men were marching forth in a grand battalion.
  At her level of firepower, Aoko should have easily mowed them down. However...
"These have hard crusts? Take this!"
  If Snap failed to do the job, that meant it was time for her to put her crest to use.
  Draw: a formula-triggered bullet encased in a full wind jacket.
  If her previous shots were the equivalent of a machine gun volley, then this was her artillery shot.
  The hard-crust bread that had absorbed her Snap without a dent scattered into thousands of tiny pieces at her Draw's torrent.
"Whoa..."
  Of course, the destruction did not end with just the bread-men.
  What had once been a brick road was now thoroughly stripped of its pavement.
  The nearby stalls had been warped into twisted steel skeletons.
  It was a spectacle that made Soujyuro question what the greater obstacle to their escape was―the wall of bread-men, or Aoko's ability to lay waste to things?
"Hey! Don't wander off! It's dangerous if you don't stick close to me!
  Come on, get closer!
  We're out of strikes, you know? If they surround you, you're a goner! You should know, hostages don't mean squat to me, and it's not like I can pick out my targets precisely anyway!"
  This made a lot of sense to Soujyuro.
  He had not fully appreciated the part about hostages, but he got the gist of it.
"So basically, I'm in danger no matter where I stand."
"You..."
  Offended though she was by his typical naive response, she could not help but be impressed.
  Soujyuro was a straight arrow through and through.
  His eyes stayed firmly focused on the egg overhead, even amidst the chaos of the melee unfolding before him.
"I don't know why I worried.
  You may not be the sharpest tool, but you sure are good at following orders."
"One thing, Aozaki. Am I imagining it, or do those bread men seem tougher than before?"
"...No, you weren't imagining that. They're getting stronger.
  They must have nailed down their mass-production process, so they've turned their attention to upping the quality."
"As you figured out already, they're just going to get tougher as we go. It seems like even those bread guys have started to develop individuality.
  I hate to think about it, but they might start spreading themselves with jelly, or wearing other fillings and merging with one another."
  Though she was joking, her eyes were dead serious.
  Soujyuro shuddered at the thought of the situation growing even more dire.
"So you're saying that those guys are going to become as terrifying as the puppet from the house of mirrors soon?"
"Oh, you can count on it. And I'll have my hands full with bread that rare. Say, Sizuki. Think you can handle yourself against one of those?"
  Soujyuro shook his head, a look of complete aversion upon his face.
"I didn't think so. So let's get moving, we can't afford to hang around here."
  Aoko took a quick, deep breath, then began to sprint once again.
  Far in the distance, through the fog, the iron fence waited, three hundred paces away.
  As long as nothing happened, they would make it there in one piece.
  Soujyuro followed after Aoko, holding onto that all too convenient hope.
  He was still in a deep sleep...
  It all seemed ablaze in a mad, fiery red.
  Unbearable idle thoughts...
  Incessant obstinacy...
  Melancholy sights and gloomy, bittersweet talk...
  Fickle wickedness born of human interaction...
  Namely, the voice of a forsaken coexistence.
  This, however, was the scenery of a world far removed from that.
  If there were those praying this was Paradise,
  then there were likely also those lamenting it as the underworld.
  In a decade,
  or perhaps longer, this would all change. But for now, the autumn leaves remained yet untrampled by human soles.
  It was scenery he knew well.
  Life in the mountains was humble and modest.
  There were no conspicuous buildings among this wilderness he called home.
  They gathered and stockpiled only what they needed to survive, without pillaging the land.
  Serpentine trails could be seen woven through the fields, and the stone steps leading to the summit were obscured by the forest, only visible once upon them.
  The mountain inhabitants probably intended it that way.
  There was no sign of mankind's exploitation among the mountain landscape.
  He suddenly remembered that this was the season he liked the most.
  Or rather, it suited him the most.
  There was much to be done to prepare for winter, but whenever he had a free moment, he would make his way toward the mountaintop.
  Gazing idly at the setting sun while breathing deep the crisp autumn air was probably the second favorite of his daily joys.
  It relaxed him, the cold but comforting wind at dusk,
  and the way the sunset dyed the peaks a vibrant crimson.
  Not two months had passed since coming down from the mountains, and already it pained him that the memories had begun to fade.
  Someone once told him that memories fade every day, so the best you one do is make as many new ones as possible.
  Recollections grew hazy.
  A new place to live meant the beginning of a new life.
  He wasn't sure if he was reluctant to let go of the scenery he'd cherished for so long, or if he'd merely been spoiled by it.
  Despite his new home in a city surrounded by tall buildings, he felt guilty for wanting those memories alone to remain clear in his mind.
  Either way, he had to make the best of a fresh start.
  "What kind of man thinks more about where he came from than where he's going?" he contemplated.
"Oh. This is a dream."
  He tried to stop himself from indulging in uncharacteristic sentimentality.
  It wouldn't be a dream if it was easy to understand.
  The moment he realized he was dreaming, angular shadows began to rise from the autumn colors.
  They were concrete buildings, previously unknown and yet familiar to him at the same time.
  This was how his current life was washing away his memories.
  Struggle as he might, there was no stopping the degradation of human memory or impressions.
  It was merely a fact of life.
  By nature, humans lived in the present over the past.
  Eventually, even his most cherished memories would be swallowed up the buildings.
  It was neither cruel nor heartless.
  If they were sure to disappear, then for now he would content himself with dreaming about the memories he could clearly recall.
  Whether in the mountains or the city, the days flew by.
  Yesterday's scenery was not the same as today's.
  ...And such.
  She had given him no time to grieve.
  Distant nostalgia was beautiful, but that made it fleeting.
"You're no 'miage nyudo,' Aozaki. I can't talk my way past you."
  A faint dizziness made him close his eyes.
  Without sight, the mountainous landscape vanished, but in its place a familiar voice could be heard.
  It was a booming voice that seemed to shake not only the mountainside he stood upon, but the entire mountain as well.
  And of course, Aoko Aozaki reappeared, towering in the distance.
  He must have been tired, he thought, diagnosing himself while trying to make out what she was saying.
  Fearing the vertigo would return if he reopened his eyes, he decided to keep them closed.
  ...It sounded like she was arguing with someone, though the tone was all he could make out.
  It wasn't violent, but certainly aggressive.
  Maybe she was picking a fight with another mountain across the way.
  He wouldn't put it past her.
  After all, she was a troublemaker who blew up the moon.
  He couldn't quite grasp the conversation.
  Though somehow, vaguely, he had the sense that his human rights were being largely ignored. ...It was deeply unsettling, even for a dream.
  After several minutes...
  It seemed that the high-impact argument ended in Aoko's victory.
  Then suddenly, the boisterous voice faded.
  Praying everything would be back to normal, he opened his eyes.
"..."
  He took a deep, slow breath.
  The scenery was a far cry from the nostalgic dreamscape he had just left, albeit not unpleasant either.
  Without a doubt, it was the amusement park.
  To him, his was his freshest memory.
  He recalled the house of mirrors that Aoko Aozaki destroyed.
  This park was a flawless replica of reality, but he was the only one there.
  Without having to worry about anyone chasing him, he sat down on the wreckage of Kitsy's rides and looked up at the moon that should have been shot down.
  The winter moon shone white like a jewel.
  It was layered over the figure of the girl who'd tried to kill him.
  ...If a mage was a witch, then she definitely fit the bill.
"I don't mind being killed."
  Such an absurd thing to say, but it spilled out of him so naturally.
"...Well, maybe..."
  That had nothing to do with witches or magecraft.
  There was an echo in the gaps of his heart.
  If she had not spoken those words, then he would not have responded as he did.
  In that moment, what had Aoko Aozaki said to him?
  As he tried to remember, his deep slumber drew to an end.
  And with it, his chance to find the answers he so wished he could find.
  Then...
  Soujyuro woke up in an unfamiliar room, gasping.
  Not because the plush mattress he was on was softer than his apartment's cheap futon,
  or because everything from the carpet to the wallpaper looked expensive...
"..."
  Bewildered, he tried to catch his breath.
  She was the cause of his surprise.
  The moment Soujyuro's eyes snapped open, there she was, the girl dressed in black, sitting at his bedside.
  The silence was deafening.
  Still supine on the bed, Soujyuro gazed at her.
  His impulse was to sit up, but he refrained, thinking it might be rude to be it staring at the person sitting next to him.
  She was just sitting there, on a chair,
  dressed in black, modest clothes.
  Still, she projected an air that was anything but plain; her monochrome outfit evoked indescribable elegance.
  Like a costume handmade just for her, from the finest fabrics.
  It was enough to inspire poetic sentiments even in Soujyuro.
  The girl continued to sit, completely motionless.
"..."
  Without realizing it, Soujyuro had stopped breathing.
  Genuine astonishment had him captivated.
  Such beauty...
  It was the first time he had ever thought to use such a simple, plain expression to describe another human being.
  She was the daffodil, in perfect bloom.
  Or the ideal female form, seen only in dreams.
  This quality was something to be cherished and admired in her.
  It was different from Aoko Aozaki's blindingly radiant vitality.
  After all, the flame that burns twice as bright burns half as long,
  and there was no way this girl would be allowed such a happy ending.
  Her life was a solitary fable of someone who left the world in exactly the same way they entered it.
  With her humanity stolen at birth, hers was an existence not of this world.
  ...The more beautiful something was, the more tragic its fate.
  Growing up in the mountains, this was not something Soujyuro was taught, but something he learned from experience.
(...It looks like she's sleeping.)
  Soujyuro turned his head, as though he was being lured in.
  He knew it was rude to stare, but he couldn't fight his instincts.
  Then...
"...Huh?"
  This time, his heart actually skipped a beat.
  She was not asleep at all.
  Expressionless, she was merely watching over him while he recovered.
"..."
  Soujyuro froze, unable to turn his head away or think of something clever to say. It was like staring into her eyes turned him to stone.
  Perhaps because of her delicate features, she looked somewhat younger than him.
  On the other hand, her tranquil expression made him feel like she was older.
  Jet-black hair, just to her shoulders.
  Her large eyes were set like onyx stones, matching her hair.
"......"
  Devoid of emotion, her gaze stayed fixed on Soujyuro.
  Even after their eyes met, she did not turn away.
"........."
  He wanted to speak, but could not find the words.
  It was not unlike a frog being stared down by a snake. Nevertheless he just could not bring himself to say something.
  Additionally...
  No matter how carefree Soujyuro might have been, he was painfully aware that this girl was as powerful as Aoko.
  Less talkative, to be sure, but still powerful.
  Objectively, the scene was not unlike that of someone nursing a bedridden stranger.
  He had no idea what she may have been thinking about, but it seemed to him this harsh silence might last forever.
  All he could say for sure was that the quiet did not appear to bother her in the slightest.
  It was like some bizarre form of punishment.
(...If this is some kind of test from Aozaki, it sure is elaborate.)
  He thought, keeping his eyes on the girl.
  He felt like the moment he turned his head or blinked, she might stab him in the chest with a hidden blade...
  ...and not because his imagination was running away with him.
  In the stifling silence, it was only natural that Soujyuro would think back on what had happened in the amusement park, and it made him uneasy.
  But stronger than any anxiety was his fascination with the girl.
  Her slender frame and milky white skin...
  The chill of her guarded stare, the warmth of her lingering femininity...
  It was the mixture of those two latter qualities that was almost magical.
(...?)
  He stared at her for so long, he began to get the feeling that they had met somewhere before.
  Sometime before the conflict at Kitsy Land...
  He could not quite put his finger on it, but he was sure he had seen her previously.
"Um, I don't know if this is the right time to ask this, but..."
  His voice shattered the frozen silence in the room.
  He almost felt sorry for making noise as he spoke out to her.
  But they could not very well just sit and stare at each other forever.
  ...Though, he might have been the only one thinking they were "staring," and perhaps she thought they were "glaring" at each other.
"Where am I, and who might you be?"
  She narrowed her eyes slightly,
  though apparently, not out of offense.
"..."
  There was no response.
  Just as he was thinking it would have been better to keep quiet, she quietly raised her hand.
"This is yours, is it not?"
  Her voice was cold, but melodic.
  A white piece of cloth was wrapped in her fingers.
  There was no need to tell him what it was.
  He was conscious enough to recognize his own possessions.
  Soujyuro sat speechless as she tossed it to him.
  Picking it up, he wrapped it around his neck.
"...Does Aoko know about that?"
  He looked away in response to her blunt question,
  distracted by something unrelated.
  She called Aoko Aozaki by her given name,
  which led him to believe that the mountain Aoko had argued with in his dream was actually the girl beside him.
"I'm not sure."
  As sincerely as he could, he answered without presumption.
  There are things that should be known, and things that need not be.
  There are also things that should be told, and other things that must not be.
  Soujyuro was not exactly sure what "that" she was referring to. However...
"But, maybe it's better that way."
  He smiled slightly at her question.
  Perhaps impressed by his response, the overwhelming pressure in the room dissipated noticeably.
  Or maybe she had been more nervous than he was the entire time,
  projecting the image that his room was her domain a tad too strongly.
  The tension faded.
  Soujyuro tried to sit up and prop his arms beneath him.
  Now that they were talking, it seemed awkward to stay lying down.
  However, his body felt strange as he tried to move, and it surprised him how difficult it was to sit up.
  It took everything he had just to raise his upper body to a sitting position.
"...Huh? I'm still in my clothes."
  As he threw the covers back, he tilted his head quizzically.
"I'm sorry. This is such a nice bed, too. I shouldn't be in my clothes under the sheets. What a waste of a good bed."
  She stared at him, not expecting him to complain about not wearing pajamas while sleeping.
  Somehow, it appeared that he had done something to surprise her.
(But why? I didn't do anything.)
  Pouting a bit at the unwarranted curiosity, he turned to face her.
  Although he was still mostly laying down, it was at least a more dignified position.
"So... any chance you'll tell me...?"
  Indeed, he needed to find out where he was and who she was before anything else.
  Actually, the more he thought about what happened at the amusement park, the more he got a sinking feeling in his stomach.
"..."
  Perhaps finally getting through to her, she calmly moved her arm from behind her back, when...
"..."
"..."
  Once again, they silently locked eyes.
  Thump, thump, thump.
  There was a startling sound of rapidly approaching footsteps.
  They both had a pretty good idea of who it was.
"Alice! You promised!"
  Just as expected.
  Aoko Aozaki burst through the door with a thunderous roar.
  She entered wearing her school uniform, her long hair flowing behind her.
  Her breathing was heavy and her forehead was wrinkled by a scowl, granting her a demonic appearance.
"Alice!"
  This girl named Alice scowled slightly in response.
  She may have even let a sigh of disappointment slip out.
"Aoko. Home early, I see."
  Her calm voice was the polar opposite of Aoko's.
  Needless to say, her voice dripped with a brazen coldness.
"That's because I know you all too well.
  Over the past two years, I've come to expect how quickly you jump to conclusions. You might act mild-mannered, but as soon as things don't go your way, the veil drops."
"Oh dear, you make it sound so scandalous."
  Effortlessly, she brushed aside Aoko's jab.
  In doing so, Soujyuro had the distinct impression that she no longer even realized he was in the room.
"Ha! Let the record show that I've lost count of how many times you've gone back on your word.
  I'm tired of hearing the same old story after the fact: 'I know I said I would leave it to you, but after careful consideration I decided to take care of it myself.'
  I may have come to terms with your short fuse, but the least you can do in return is to trust your partner to set things right, no?"
"You're right. We wouldn't be partners otherwise.
  Though... you're hardly one to talk, after unilaterally deciding our plan from here on out."
"We've been over this already.
  We won, okay! Besides, who was the one who said we should let him live if he escaped? Yet again you've gone back on your word, Alice.
  Oh, don't tell me. Next you'll be saying *that's* the reason you can't let sleeping dogs lie!"
  Alice frowned slightly and fell silent.
  Her housemate seemed to have struck a nerve that Alice herself did not know was there.
"Anyway...
  We agreed to decide what to do with him when he wakes up, after hearing him out, right?
  So stop trying to flip the script every time my back's turned."
"...Speaking of which, aren't you supposed to be at school?
  It's noon already."
"I remembered you only had your school's end-of-term ceremony today, so I told them I had to leave early for personal reasons. This is so warped. I have finals coming up, for goodness' sake."
  Aoko grumbled, more to herself than anyone else in the room.
  Then, she locked eyes with Alice.
  Or more accurately, they glared daggers at each other.
  The room had become tense once again, and it felt like a fight could break out at any moment. With no way to escape, Soujyuro had no choice but to sit and watch.
  But then...
  The electric silence that seemed like it would last forever suddenly broke about a minute later.
  Apparently this sort of clash was an everyday occurrence.
"...I'll be in the drawing room.
  Explain the circumstances to him."
  Alice stood up from the chair and made for the door.
  Watching her go, Soujyuro cocked his head.
  In her hand was what could only be described as...
(...A fruit knife?)
  He had no other words to describe the tool she was clutching.
"Alice. I hate to ask, but what's in your hand?"
  Aoko asked Alice as she walked past.
"A dagger, what else?"
  Alice answered expressionlessly, before briskly walking out of the room.
"..."
  Soujyuro thought it best to not think too deeply about the scene he had just witnessed.
  At any rate, the girl in black had withdrawn, and along with her the feeling of tension.
  Leaving a bedridden Soujyuro alone with an Aoko still dressed for school.
  From Soujyuro's perspective, this was a perfect chance to get answers to his ever growing list of questions.
"My head's spinning, Aozaki."
"I bet. I'll explain everything in order, so just shut up and listen."
"I see the facial paralysis is gone, and your breathing has stabilized. It looks like you're through the worst of it."
  She nodded, satisfied, as she took a seat.
"How do you feel?"
"A bit...sluggish."
  He answered meekly, dropping his shoulders.
  He opened and closed his left hand a few times, but moving his fingers felt slow and awkward. It was clear he was still in bad shape.
  Meanwhile, Aoko was blinking her eyes in wonder.
  Or was it admiration?
  Between Alice and Aoko, Soujyuro did not know which of the girls was the harder to read.
"Well, you're bound to feel a bit sluggish.
Lying in bed for two days straight would make anyone feel weak.
  But, I never thought you would be well enough to speak.
  You're a lot tougher than you look."
"...Two days...?"
"It's been two days. Don't worry about the school, I submitted a notice of absence.
  In the meantime, Alice and I dispelled the Gandr curse and Dumpty poem."
  Soujyuro nodded at the word "curse" as if recalling it suddenly.
  It was all coming back to him now.
"What's wrong? You look troubled by something."
"I just forgot everything that really happened is all. Was I really asleep for two days? Getting cursed is pretty scary."
"You're as cool as a cucumber, aren't you? It's as if two days on death's door hasn't changed you a bit. Do you realize you were one step away from becoming a vegetable for the rest of your life?"
"...Wait just a second. Was it really that bad?"
"It was, and I guess you're proof that ignorance is bliss after all.
  Anyway, what's done is done. Be sure to thank Alice later. I couldn't have lifted the curses without her help."
"...Sometimes bliss is overrated.
  Oh, and yeah, you said the name 'Alice.' Was that girl Alice?
  Was she the one who, you know, tried to kill us at the amusement park?"
  Aoko replied that it was.
"She was sitting by my side for ages. Is this her room or something?"
  Soujyuro scanned the room again.
  He was not accustomed to sleeping on anything other than a futon, and the room looked especially foreign to him.
"No, this is just a guest room. It hasn't been used in forever, hence the dust over everything.
  More importantly, what did you and Alice talk about?"
"...Well...
We didn't really talk so much as..."
  He brought his hand to his mouth, and recalled the few words they exchanged.
  As Soujyuro said, calling it a conversation would be a gross overstatement.
  And yet, thinking back on it, it seemed like they had talked for hours, which brought an uncomfortable smile to his face.
"But it's fine, I'm no longer worried.
  Although, it would have been nice if you had come a little later, Aozaki."
  Aoko narrowed her eyes at his innocent slip of the tongue.
  She knew Soujyuro did not mean to treat her like a nuisance, but nevertheless, she found it hard to take the full brunt of the words said to her face.
  Even worse, she sensed she was getting used to his manner of speaking.
"So that's why she... You really do have a knack for surviving by the skin of your teeth, don't you?"
  He tilted his head, clearly confused.
"I'm saying you did something to please Alice.
  That's the reason you're still alive."
"???"
  No matter how hard he tried, he could not grasp what she was getting at.
  He decided to change the subject to something else.
"...By the way, where are we, exactly?
  I asked the other girl, but she wouldn't tell me. You can tell me, right, Aozaki?"
"You are inside Misaki's infamous haunted house. But you can call it the Kuonji Estate.
  And that girl...that's Alice Kuonji. This is her mansion, which happens to be the place I currently call home. After the other night, I, uh, brought you here. You don't remember, do you?"
  Something about the way she said that made him feel uncomfortable.
"Kuonji... I've heard that name before. Hey, I know, some old guys in the shopping district were talking about it. The Kuonji's are a rich and famous family, or something."
"Don't you dare say that in front of Alice.
  If you want to live here in peace, that is."
"...?"
  Confused yet again, Soujyuro tilted his head for what seemed like the hundredth time that day.
  And once again, he had heard something to make him feel uneasy.
"Aozaki...? Did you just say...?"
"Sizuki. I have very little patience for liars, idiots, and people that make me repeat myself.
  Do your best to remember that if you want to enjoy your stay here."
  With her best smile, Aoko made her threatening proclamation.
  Needless to say, it caught Soujyuro completely off guard.
"I must have misheard you, because I could have sworn you said something about me living here."
  He shot her an honest stare of disapproval.
  It was the best resistance he could muster.
  But it was not in the slightest effective against Aoko's overpowering ruthless glare.
"The quicker you understand the position you're in, the better it'll be for you."
"You mean..."
  He considered her words carefully.
  He wanted to openly express his feelings on the matter, but instead he swallowed his words and shook his head.
  Despite his typical inability to read people's emotions, he at least seemed to understand the gravity of the situation.
  It appeared that he had finally realized that it was his carefree mood that typically got on Aoko's nerves.
"...Ugh. My mistake. I forgot there's no use beating around the bush with you.
Fine, I wanted to give you time to think, but we're way past that, so I'll just come right out and say it."
"Listen to me, Sizuki.
  As of now, you're being placed under our supervision. You will be living here, together with us, for the time being.
  Naturally, I reserve the right to decide whether you live or die."
"Wha...?"
  The blatant tyranny in her voice caused him to sputter.
  He wished that she would stop smiling in an attempt to make it seem any less outrageous.
"L-Live together? ...With you?!"
  It was not the faint expectation of living under the same roof with Aoko that had him flustered.
  Rather...
  He was genuinely concerned about his own safety.
  Regardless of how good-natured he was, it seemed he finally had come to grips with the fact that he just escaped death.
"You can't be serious!
  That's like seeking warmth next to a bear before it goes into hibernation!"
  Aoko agreed, as blunt a comparison as it was.
"Once in a while you have some pretty accurate metaphors, you know?
  But I'm glad you figured it out. Make a wrong move or break a rule and I'll end you, for real this time.
  Plus, it's just me and Alice you'll be living with.
  She has way less common sense than I do, so if you're not careful, you'll wind up dead by her hands, too."
  Aoko was one hundred percent serious.
  It was her sincerity that made it all the more believable.
"No! No no no!"
  Obviously, there was no way the victim, Soujyuro, could accept these terms.
"Wait a minute. You're not making any sense, Aozaki!
  You say I'm under your supervision, but why is that necessary? If you think about it, I haven't even done anything wrong, so there's really no point in keeping an eye on me!  
This has to be a misunderstanding!"
"...Is it... Are all mages like you, Aozaki?"
  Arrogant and selfish...were the words that the harmless boy's gaze seemed to imply.
  Aoko felt a headache coming on.
  Due to his innate easygoing persona, Soujyuro had not thought to question that Aoko being a mage was out of the ordinary.
"That's the problem! We need to keep an eye on you so you don't go around saying things like that and blow our cover, you dunce!"
  Aoko flew out of her chair.
  She had been doing her best to keep her cool, but it seemed her well of patience had finally run dry.
  Witnessing Aoko snap, Soujyuro clapped his hands together.
"Oh now I get it. The reason you tried to kill me was because you have to hide the fact that you're a mage.
  Okay, if that's the case then I get it. You're monitoring me to protect your secret, and not taking my life is your way of throwing me a bone."
"...I mean, those aren't the words I would use, but sure.
  It sounds a bit harsh when you put it that way."
"But, isn't this all a little unrealistic?
  I have school and work to go to. I can't stay locked up inside this house all day."
"..."
  In an instant, Soujyuro's objectivity had her stumped, leaving her at a loss for words.
  He honestly had no idea what position he was in.
  To believe that he had any sort of freedom at this point was shocking, to say the least.
"...Just breathe, Aoko. If anything, this will speed things along."
  Aoko somehow managed to compose herself.
  As a matter of fact, she never had any intention of imprisoning him.
  Stripping him of his freedom and incarcerating him would go against their agreement, anyway.
  Besides, if she was going to go that far it would be easier to just kill him.
  To Aoko, letting him live meant showing a modicum of respect to Soujyuro's way of life.
"You're not saying... W-Wait, don't tell me I can't even leave this room?!"
  A light bulb went on in his head as he blurted out what he was thinking.
  It appeared he had finally got the grim message.
  Aoko looked somewhat satisfied at his dismay.
"Relax. Locking you up would actually be more trouble than it's worth.
  Your freedom was taken into consideration. To what degree you are free will be left to the discretion of Alice and her abilities, so you won't have to worry about that."
"..."
  A gloomy look fell over Soujyuro's face, as he found his concern growing by the second.
"All right, look. Sparing your life is based on the premise that you will live in this house under supervision, and that's only until a more permanent solution is found.
  It's a lot more amicable than just disposing of the witness, don't you think?
  ...At any rate, this is my way of keeping our promise, so no complaining. This cold war I'm waging with Alice is enough of a headache, already."
  She sighed as she stared Soujyuro down as he lay on the bed.
"But make no mistake.
  Your status here is the lowest of the low, even lower than a dog's. Since that night, I'm the one to decide whether you live or die, which means you belong to me now.
  Is that clear enough for you?"
  As Aoko finished her declaration, Soujyuro subtly looked up at the ceiling so she would not notice his reaction.
  He meant no offense to Aoko, but he had to hide the fact that he fundamentally disagreed with her analogy.
  In Soujyuro's opinion, it was disrespectful to both dogs and humans to call him lower than a dog. A more accurate analogy of their power dynamic would be that of a rabbit and a wild boar, hence why he chose not to voice this opinion.
"...Haa."
  Unlike his apartment, the ceiling here was decorated with ornate patterns.
  Putting aside how he would be treated here, in terms of lodging, it was a definite upgrade.
  Maybe it would not be all that bad.
  Soujyuro nodded slowly, as if to persuade himself.
  And...
"For the time being, I've decided to let you live."
  That is what she had told him.
 Not two days ago.
"While I don't really accept what you're saying, I understand my position.
  I remember what you promised me now. There are lots of things I could disagree with, but I admit you did promise me at least that.
  Are you really serious about me living with the two of you?
  I know you're pretty easygoing, but that girl seems pretty against it, and I'm not exactly―"
  At that point, he zipped his lips.
  Aoko's eyes were tinged with bloodlust.
"Oh. Please excuse me. I'm sorry to hear that you're dissatisfied with the arrangement."
  Her contrived smile, so obviously forced, struck despair into Soujyuro's heart.
  Come to think of it, he vaguely recalled her warning to him to not make her repeat herself.
  Furthermore...
  As a practical matter, Soujyuro Sizuki's life was now in the hands of Aoko Aozaki.
  It would be unwise to anger her further, he told himself as if speaking to a third person.
"N-Not at all. I mean, what choice do I have anyway?"
  "None," Aoko said with a firm nod of her head.
  Soujyuro slumped his shoulders in surrender.
"All right. I understand you now, Aozaki.
  Just, let me ask you this one thing. Do I have any human rights?"
"Poor little Sizuki. You never had any in the first place. Now, stop wasting my time with stupid questions."
  Soujyuro reflected upon her answer, now feeling like his question was, indeed, stupid.
  He should have already known the answer before he asked.
"That's...what I thought.
  I had a feeling this was going to happen, even before waking up."
"?"
  His muttering provoked a dubious stare from Aoko, before she quickly retracted it.
  If she questioned every little thing he said, they would be there until sundown.
"Well, as long as you understand.
  Now, we need to get down to brass tacks. Let's move to the drawing room.
  I have a ton of explaining to do.
  Can you stand on your own?"
"I was able to move my hands earlier, so blood is at least flowing.
  I should be able to walk."
"Good. You'll be fine then."
  With that, she turned her back and walked away from him.
  He had seen this bold form of hers many times before.
  Instantly, the memories flashed back to him like lightning.
(I remember now. This is the Aozaki I know.)
  Without knowing it, he cracked a smile.
  He was so lost that he did not know his left from his right, but recalling this alone was enough to calm him.
  The Aoko he knew was different from the one in the house of mirrors.
  She was not that brooding girl he saw there.
  He felt a pang of nostalgia; the Aoko he knew was brisk in movement and unfaltering in gaze, just like this one.
  She was the same as when he first met her; moody, yet overflowing with confidence; in her element.
"Let's go, let's go. Chop-chop.
  Alice is waiting for us in the drawing room."
  She was already outside the door, standing in the chilly corridor.
"Hngh... You must not know what it's like to be bedridden, Aozaki."
  Grunting and groaning, Soujyuro eventually got to his feet.
  His body, heavy and stiff while he was lying down, cried out in pain as he tried to stand and walk.
  Every step sent shooting pains through his bones.
  Despite this, he put on a calm face and made his way toward Aoko.
  Typically, he was quick to not pay any mind to life's little struggles, but these pains... He needed to force himself to consciously ignore them.
  In other words, he was displaying false bravado. An uncharacteristic reaction for someone who never suppressed their true feelings.
"Amazing. You really are tough, huh?"
"Thanks. It's just my heart that's fragile."
"Oh yeah? I'll keep that in mind and try not to hurt your precious feelings."
  Naturally, her voice was devoid of any true empathy.
  She turned away from the once-more dejected Soujyuro, and began walking briskly down the corridor.
"...Oh, and..."
  Just then, she stopped, feet snapped together, as though something had popped into her head.
  And just as if she was remembering something she had forgotten, in a completely trivial way...
"Follow me, Soujyuro."
  She gallantly turned back the way she was heading, the words sounding so natural as she spoke them.
"..."
  Aoko did not see the look in Soujyuro's eyes as he heard her words.
  For though she worked in the arcane, the spell Aoko had woven was apparent to everyone but her.
  After blinking his eyes as if blinded by something, Soujyuro casually nodded, and followed behind her.
  The sheer size of the interior was daunting.
  The three floors of this mansion contained more rooms than Soujyuro's entire apartment building.
  Except, their size was excessive.
  Here, the mansion's rooms seemed too numerous for so few inhabitants; its lavish carpeted halls cold and dreary.
  The guest room that Soujyuro had been sleeping in was on the second floor of the east wing.
  A staircase leading down to the first floor was at the end of the corridor, at the center of the mansion.
  Winter sunlight beamed through the windows, which only made the empty corridor appear even lonelier.
  The center of the mansion was topped by a vaulted skylight overlooking the first floor.
  The staircase, connecting the first and second floors, lined its walls.
  Another staircase at the other end of the second floor corridor presumably led to an attic, or storeroom of sorts on the third floor.
  Paying no mind to Soujyuro's gawking, Aoko descended the stairs with familiar steps.
  The foyer was a place of white and woodgrain.
  Its hardwood floors shone brightly under the sunlight coming in from the ceiling,
  and the tall, white walls were spotless and brawny.
  There, was a staircase leading to the second floor,
  and a long unused fireplace;
  a neglected telephone sat on a table,
  opposite a solemn grandfather clock.
  It was more like an old castle than a mansion.
  Aoko shot Soujyuro a callous stare, who stood captivated by the otherworldly scenery.
"Hey, snap out of it. The drawing room is this way."
  She grabbed the knob of the door next to the stairs.
  There were four doors to the foyer, and the easternmost as you entered the house led to the drawing room.
  The door on the opposite side of the foyer led to the mansion's west wing.
  To the south was the entrance.
  On the north side was one more door next to the fireplace.
  Tucked underneath the stairs, this door connected to a bathroom, unbeknownst to Soujyuro.
  Due to the lack of windows, the first floor's corridors were not well lit.
  If the second floor was a seldom-attended infirmary, and the foyer a stairwell in some foreign castle,
  then the first floor corridor was a windowless labyrinth, not unlike the corridors of a hotel.
"..."
  Although it had not been long since Soujyuro came to the city, even he could feel this place was out of the ordinary.
  Seeing as how he was going to be stuck here for the foreseeable future, he found it hard to get excited about living in a haunted house.
"So that's the drawing room, and a little farther down is the kitchen. It's fine for cooking simple meals.
  Here, next to the drawing room, is the sunroom, which we use as a dining room,
 but we'll get into that later."
  Aoko said, reaching for a door along the dim corridor.
  However, she paused before turning the knob.
  She flashed Soujyuro a meaningful glance, which she quickly withdrew.
  Then, without further ado, she opened the door.
"Sorry for the wait. He's on board,"
  she said to Alice as she entered the drawing room.
  After hesitating for a moment, Soujyuro entered after her.
  Compared to the corridor, the drawing room was unexpectedly modern.
  The carpeted floor, leather sofas, and a large, 30-inch television were more what Soujyuro had come to expect in a normal home.
  In this family-oriented room, a girl far removed from said setting sat quietly on the sofa.
  Aoko sat on the sofa across from the girl in all-black.
  This gave Soujyuro two seating options:
  Next to Aoko Aozaki,
  or next to Alice Kuonji.
"..."
  After about two seconds of deliberation, he decided to stand by the wall, as neither option appealed.
  Aoko and Alice were facing each other across a coffee table.
  The clean, perfectly level table somehow added to the austere atmosphere.
"And since he agreed, you shouldn't have any objections, right, Alice?"
  Alice gave one, deep nod in response to her non-question.
  From his position against the wall, they looked as though they were clearing up some niggling grievance.
  Soujyuro got the feeling that the two did not entirely see eye to eye concerning what to do with him.
"...I suppose not. But we still need to investigate the cause."
  She cast a sideways look at Soujyuro with those darkly shaded eyes of hers.
  Her voice shared the same, cold indifference,
  making it abundantly clear that she had no intention of accepting him as a housemate.
"And you, you're fine with this?
  I do hope you haven't forgotten about what happened at the amusement park."
  Alice's voice was a mixture of judgment and scrutiny.
  She was aware that from an outsider's perspective she and Aoko appeared dangerous. She wanted to know if Soujyuro was up to the challenge of living with such people.
"I wish it had all been a bad dream, but I remember it perfectly."
  Above all else, it was the only way they would let him live.
  Alice responded apathetically with a noncommittal murmur.
  She silently placed a small object on the table with a clink.
  She pulled her pale fingers away from a small glass bottle.
  The glass, more pale blue than transparent, was enough to signify its high quality.
  With a crane-like motion, she removed the stopper.
(...?)
  Even though this was the first time he had seen such a thing, something about it made him uneasy.
  Was it that it made him sad, or...?
  Aoko's standoffish behavior only added to his concern.
  Alice once again fixed her eyes on Soujyuro, who was bracing himself for the worst.
  The glint in her eyes was bewitching.
  With not a single emotion apparent on her face, she called his name.
"Sizuki."
  (Ye- huh?)
  The moment he responded to her whispered call,
  his surroundings began to transform.
  The air grew thick; so thick, it took on a color and shape.
  The density and discomfort that coiled around his skin made it seem like the air had become words.
  (...!)
  Opening his mouth to gasp for air, the words invaded his lungs.
  Instinctively, he covered his mouth with his right hand, and clutched his chest with his left, both hands appearing clear as mud.
  Even the thickest of mountain fogs never seized his senses like this.
  If he had to come up with an analogy...
  ...no words could quite describe it, but it was like he was standing in the pages of a newspaper.
  The first sense to adjust to this new sensation was his hearing.
  Then his breathing stabilized, yet the feeling of suffocation remained.
  There was nothing restraining him that he could see, but he felt an intense claustrophobia.
  Before he'd even felt shock at the sudden change, he reached out in an attempt to find an escape.
  But his outstretched hands found only emptiness.
  It seemed contradictory that a place with no walls and a wide view could feel so cramped.
  Spirited away in a dense fog...
  Back in the mountains, such superstitions never seemed real to him. Until now.
  And then,
  he finally noticed:
  a surprise to beat all surprises.
  The drawing room had not changed into another world at all.
  He knew this for certain because he could still see the room he was just in through the fog,
  as well as the two girls, Aoko Aozaki and Alice Kuonji, watching him closely.
  It was simply a problem of perspective.
  The floor was dark and perfectly flat.
  Looking up, there the two of them stood.
  The two girls were like two impossibly gargantuan clouds, coldly looking down at him.
  Remembering the structure of the room and layout of the furniture, Soujyuro's unsurpassed candor finally grasped his predicament.
  The parade at the amusement park had nothing on this.
  Somehow, he was inside the glass bottle that Alice Kuonji produced only moments ago.
"That was unexpected."
  Marveling at Alice's wickedness, Aoko glanced at the small bottle on the table.
"It's the same as two nights ago,
  only this time, he's awake."
  Aoko calmly mused.
  Alice, however, was not looking down at the bottle Instead her eyes were locked on Aoko.
"...I'm surprised. I thought you would be upset."
"Not really. I thought about doing something similar.
  He needed to be taught a little lesson about magecraft, anyway.
You're saving me the trouble, to tell the truth. I'm not even mad.
  ...Though, this is pretty hardcore even for me."
  Aoko did not take her eyes off the bottle as she spoke.
  Although she did her best to feign indifference toward Alice's magecraft, she could not completely hide her curiosity.
  The figure inside the bottle, likely having caught on to what was happening, tried various things like flailing its arms and sprinting around.
  The surface of the bottle was cloudy, so it was hard to make out exactly what was happening inside.
"...By the way, this looks totally different from the one you gave me."
"This one took more time to create.
The one I gave you was disposable, and only made to isolate the subject. This one allows for two-way communication."
"Really? He doesn't seem to be replying, though."
"You just can't hear him."
  Alice said calmly, finally dropping her gaze to the bottle.
  Just then, the figure inside stopped moving.
  It appeared only Alice had a connection to the world inside the bottle.
(Lame. Only the caster gets to have fun?)
  Aoko sighed, losing interest.
  Ignoring Aoko, Alice opened her mouth as if to speak to someone not altogether there.
"How about now? Still think this is the safest option?"
  The person she was talking to was none other than the one inside the bottle.
  She was, of course, referring to Soujyuro's earlier comment.
  It was her way of testing the boy who implied that living in this mansion seemed safe.
(Suddenly trapping him in a bottle and interrogating him is pretty ruthless, but even more worrisome is her attachment to this mansion.)
  Then again, considering Aoko had invited  this witness to a house of mirrors for a fight to the death, she was in no position to criticize.
  She would make sure Alice did not let her emotions get the best of her, but for now she was content to observe as a bystander.
"..."
  After a moment, Alice's expression changed.
  She must have gotten an answer to her question.
  Without any way to tell what the situation was inside the bottle, Aoko had no idea what that answer was, however.
  Only...
  That Alice's face was the one she had made when the boy she was talking to said what she wanted to hear.
"...I suppose I'm not one to talk, but...."
  For an instant, she glanced at Aoko.
  Slightly shaking her head, she reached for the small bottle.
"This Sizuki is quite a strange one."
  She said his name with what seemed like a forlorn frown.
  As soon as she removed the stopper, the air in the room quivered.
  The boy, who had been casting a shadow on the wall until a minute ago, now leaned against it for support again.
  Aoko turned around to face Soujyuro right behind her, resting her elbow over the back of the sofa.
"How do you feel?"
"What does it look like? Messed up."
  Soujyuro answered with unusual hostility.
  Aoko was reminded of his strange behavior, as she was sure that he would be scared or shocked, not angry.
"If I hadn't already seen something similar in a dream, my heart probably would have stopped. I'm lucky it didn't.
  What I can't believe is why you felt the need to use magecraft on me. You could have just said it was scary and left it at that.
 Plus, I could hear the threatening things you said, Aozaki."
"My sincerest apologies.
But it is true that I wanted you to feel it for yourself.
  At least now you'll take magecraft seriously, won't you, Soujyuro?"
  As much as he hated to admit it, she was right.
  Though, it was not that he had taken magecraft lightly, but merely that he couldn't understand it.
"I still don't really get it, though, even after that experience.
  Compared to the crazy stuff I've seen you do, Aozaki, whatever the heck just happened to me was hardly unbelievable."
"W-Wha...
 Of course not! Alice and I are totally different.
  I already told you, even in our world, her magecraft is considered over-the-top and unspeakably horrible."
"...How rude. When it comes to which of us is more of a threat to human life, I think you're far more dangerous than me.
  And that's besides the point. I'm starting to harbor doubts about you even wanting to kill him in the first place.
  You must have been pretty soft on him for him to say he believes that he's 'safe' here."
"W-Well...
 Of course I wanted to kill him!
  I don't know what he's told you, but you've got it all twisted!
  This guy doesn't realize he's in danger until he gets burned.
And even then, he'd probably think 'well at least I'm still alive' and whistle all the way home!
  Isn't that right, Soujyuro?!"
"Huh?"
  He had no idea why she was suddenly shouting, but he nodded anyway just to be safe.
  The drawing room had become awfully noisy.
"..."
  Alice sat watching the two at a complete loss.
  And so, Soujyuro accepted his supervised life in the mansion,
  and that he would be living under the same roof as two professional mages.
  Having experienced firsthand how dangerous that life could get, he was finally at peace with the situation.
"If that's how it's going to be, then oh well."
  Even if he did not seem like it, he had thought it through in his own way and come to a clear resolution.
"Okay, down to business.
  So, I know we said that you'd be under supervision, but we haven't really talked about how we'll be doing that, or the 'magecraft' that is responsible for enforcing it. Let me start with a brief explanation."
  Perhaps he was brought up to listen closely to lectures about new information, because Soujyuro suddenly looked attentive.
  Alice, on the other hand, kept her mouth shut in silent defiance.
"First off, the time you'll be made to live here has been predetermined.
  In short, until the end of that period, if you don't tell anyone about us or die for some reason, you're free to go.
  Good so far, Alice?"
"...Indeed. Provided he refrains from angering us, that is, he has a chance of survival."
"Yup, this is already off on the wrong foot."
  Soujyuro's head dropped, like he knew what was coming.
"That's enough, Alice.
And you, shut up."
  She scowled at the two of them, already at her wits' end.
"As I was saying...
  Having you live with us for the sake of confidentiality means other problems are bound to come up.
  You'll likely be exposed to even more of our secrets. That's what has Alice so bent out of shape."
  Now that Aoko mentioned it, Soujyuro could see her point.
  With their target of observation under house arrest, the disclosure of more confidential information was inevitable.
"Hold on a second. Doesn't that make me being here a little counterproductive?"
"It's not a problem. In the end, we'll just have you forget everything about us, and about living here at all."
"...Have me forget?"
"Right. From the incident in the park onward, you'll forget everything.
  There's a kind of magecraft called 'runes' that has the power to make one forget memories.
  It's a bit inhumane, but erasing memories seems a bit better than, well, erasing your life."
"...Do I get a say in―"
"Sorry, but no objections.
  Anyway, an amnesia rune is outside of our field of expertise, so it's going to take some time for us to find the rune and learn everything about it.
  In other words, that's when you get to leave.
  Until we find this rune, we're using your life as collateral so you keep your mouth shut."
"Alice's idea is that we destroy your five senses and be done with you to avoid the extra effort.
  So, Sizuki? What do you say? Fancy becoming a living statue?"
"Hmm."
  Soujyuro only understood about eighty percent of what Aoko had explained, and the last part about a living statue had gone straight over his head.
  He had tried his best to visualize what Aoko was going on about, but the only thing he could conjure in his mind was an image of the mascot creature Kitsy.
"Yeah, I'd rather not."
  Aoko agreed with the bewildered Soujyuro, neither one the wiser to the other's misinterpretation.
"Anyway, at most it will probably take about a month to find this amnesia rune, and another two to put it to use.
  Until then, that means you'll be living with us. However, we can't just let you wander around without a clue what's going on. That's a surefire way to get yourself killed."
"I doubt you would be comfortable being left in the dark about us, either. So starting now, I'm going to fill you in on what it's like to be a modern magician.
  At the very least, it'll hopefully prevent any more misunderstandings."
  Not that she thought this country bumpkin had any idea of old or new anyway. The thought brought a smug grin to her lips.
"Let's leave a tour of the mansion for later, and start with who and what mages are.
  And don't worry―you don't need to understand everything right away.
  You're an outsider, after all, so just bite off only what you can chew."
  Soujyuro nodded obediently to Aoko's professorial instructions.
  This was Aoko's way of telling him not to ask questions when he did not understand something.
  And though Soujyuro had taken issue with her statement, he meekly obeyed knowing better than to object now.
  Aoko nodded approvingly at his attentiveness, and started her lecture.
  Her long, long lecture.
"Let's start with mages-magicians, basically.
  Since it doesn't concern you, I'll skip the part about how magecraft and Magic are not the same. All you need to remember is that they are two different things.
  Mages, as an absolute rule, must operate in secrecy.
  Naturally, mages will find out about other mages, so it's only a crime if an outsider like you finds out about one of us. A crime punishable by death, I should add."
"The reason being, that the more magecraft is exposed, the weaker it becomes.
  You'll often hear us say 'Mystic' or 'mystery,' which come from a Greek word that means 'to shut the mouth.' It follows that magecraft would cease to be if its secrets were revealed.
  Civilization has always treated the unexplored and the unknown as things to be feared because of their mysterious nature."
"But we don't hide ourselves because we fear persecution if we're discovered.
  What we fear is the loss of the unknown itself.
  When our arts are revealed, they become weaker. So by protecting our secrecy, we're also protecting our own future."
"...I'm not clear on how magecraft works yet, but I think what you're saying is that if you don't keep it a secret, it gets weaker.
  So then, does that mean you got weaker now that I saw you, Aozaki?"
"No, not particularly.
  ...Let me explain in a little more detail.
  When I say it loses power, I mean magecraft as a whole will get weaker in the future. I'm not talking about individuals.
  The unwritten law that 'Thou shalt conceal thyself' was an adage from a bygone age, but at some point it became a law of the highest order."
"It's like laws in a civilized society: we like to think that it's human nature to punish crime and immorality, but ultimately a structural solution is needed to maintain order.
  If crimes were left unpunished, the society we strived so hard to build would collapse.
  And what we mages consider to be a crime is dissemination and vulgarization of the Mystic. Merely immoral things like murder, well... those are a matter of perspective, and they generally aren't considered outright crimes."
"The good-for-nothing bunch responsible for imposing this law is a group called the Mage's Association. Think of them as a labor union.
The phrase 'Make eternal the mysticism of magecraft' is nothing more than a rule they created to perpetuate magecraft itself."
"Nevertheless, the rule is absolute.
  Those who violate it cease to exist in the magical world.
  Or rather, it would be difficult for them to go on living at all.
  For us, that's our...well, our life as mages, I guess.
  In order to protect it, we had no choice but to erase you, the witness to our magecraft."
"..."
"Don't give me those puppy-dog eyes. Just because you know a little about our lives doesn't mean we're not fessing up to what happened at the amusement park.
  It was our decision to try and kill you. It wasn't anyone else's fault.
  So if you're going to blame anyone, blame me."
"Okay, back to the topic.
  In the past, mages were recognized in society enough for it to be considered an occupation, but they took their own magecraft with them to their graves.
I don't know what led to things getting so twisted, but even the profession itself has to be kept secret these days.
  If they didn't go that far, the Association feared that in the distant future, magecraft would be used up and the Association would fall apart."
"We had reached a point where everything became explainable through human knowledge, from the building blocks of nature to the fabric of the cosmos, once considered to be the realm of the gods.
  Maybe the founders believed that magecraft would become the last bastion for the unknown, for Mystics-that which is beyond human reach.
  Or maybe, they thought that in the long run magecraft would eventually become meaningless."
"Whatever the reason, mages hid their identities and passed on their individual rituals in secret. And since they couldn't pass it on to outsiders, it was only natural that they taught it to their descendants.
  Alice and I are both products of generations of lineage.
  The Mage's Association I mentioned earlier is a vast organization that governs those magecraft wielders still dedicated to their field. Mages think of them as their ruling body."
"The Association is actually made up of a bunch of factions, and the vast majority of mages are affiliated with the London chapter.
  The law to conceal ourselves was one of their three main principles.
  If a mage reveals their secret to a civilian, the Association is quick to make an example of them.
  But even if the mage doesn't get punished, the witness should still be eliminated to protect the mage and their family's magecraft."
  And that was the end of the first part of the lecture. Aoko paused for a moment.
  Soujyuro was doing his best to process the information.
"Ready to move on?"
"Sure, but let me see if I understand so far:
  Mages used to hide their identities not for their own sake, but for the sake of magecraft. Now, they're more concerned with hiding themselves.
And if you break the rules, you'll be punished by a place called the Association.
  ...Does that mean that you two are members of the Association?"
"No, we're freelance, though we walk in similar circles.
They're simply the largest organized group. Even though no one asked them to, they've taken it upon themselves to police the world of magecraft.
  So no matter how unaffiliated we are as mages, if we break the rules we'll get punished anyway."
"...Okay. I think I got the gist of it."
"It's all right. Just focus on the parts important to you.
  Next is magecraft. Though... I've barely learned enough to talk about it, myself."
"?"
"Sorry, forget I said that.
  ...I touched on this already, but these days, magecraft is losing its meaning.
  If you created fire a long time ago when there were no lighters, that was enough to count as a Mystic feat. But nowadays, life is awfully convenient, right? You of all people can appreciate that."
  Soujyuro nodded with a glum look on his face.
  He had been made painfully aware of such conveniences.
  Difficult tasks that would occupy an entire day of work in the mountains, could be performed easily here.
For him, having been brought up in the mountains without electricity or running water, city life was by definition magic.
  He only wished it would not be such backbreaking work to adapt to said conveniences.
"Oh.
I do think that creating fire without tools should be a god's job, though."
"Even though we've worked out how to do it more efficiently with a flamethrower?"
  Soujyuro wasn't sure how to answer Aoko.
  It would have been easy for him to ask Aoko how much accumulated effort she thought it had taken humans to imitate those gods, but he knew it would come across as an insult.
"...From what I just saw, I was under the impression that magecraft could do anything, but maybe I misunderstood."
  He glanced at the glass bottle on the table.
  Mentally, he sighed in relief.
  He still had not come to terms with the fact that he had been trapped inside that tiny thing.
  However...
"Oh, that's a misunderstanding all right.
  If magecraft wasn't all-powerful, why would anyone bother to learn it?"
  Aoko puffed out her chest as she chided him.
"It might take some doing, but there's nothing magecraft can't do.
  Granted, some users are able to trick you into thinking something's possible when it really isn't.
  But since we were born into this world, there's nothing that we can't do within its limits. Besides True Magic, of course, but we'll get into that some other time."
"What I'm trying to say is that magecraft doesn't create miracles. It's only the process that's miraculous.
  To produce a real miracle, you need True Magic."
"A great mage is someone who can fly a passenger jet with only their own magecraft.
  Meanwhile, a Magician deals in making the impossible possible.
  ...Which is why we might just turn out to be the last Magicians."
"Focus, Aoko."
  Alice had been quietly listening until she muttered her rebuke,
  as if Aoko had crossed a line.
"He doesn't need to know that.
  Shouldn't we be educating Sizuki on the dangers of living with us?"
"Sorry. You're right. Slip of the tongue.
  Anyway, mages spend every waking moment experimenting in magecraft, and would become devils in a heartbeat in order to protect their magecraft, by which I mean their family secrets."
"Their lairs―which we call workshops―are like fortresses packed with all kinds of magical mechanisms.
  Like traps that kill intruders before they even know what hit them. It's all to protect our secrets.
  This mansion is no different.
  If you wind up trapped like you were before because you wandered around carelessly, even I won't be able to help you, so be careful of the dark. You might even find yourself stuck inside a mirror! ...Seriously, that can actually happen."
"..."
  Soujyuro so hoped they would provide him with a general idea of what to watch out for, but he passed, knowing that he was unlikely to get a straight answer.
"That was a lot to take in in one go, but my point is: keep your nose out of where it doesn't belong.
  Even though we're going to erase your memory in the end, there are still things that we'd have to kill you for seeing."
"...Got it. The mansion has rules I have to follow, I understand. Is there anything else I should..."
  His eyes wandered as he trailed off mid-sentence, pondering.
  He understood that the mansion was more dangerous than outside, and that magecraft needed to stay secret.
  But the explanation seemed to contradict his current problem.
For starters, how had he managed to witness something that they took such pains to keep hidden?
"I'm sorry, it just occurred to me.
  Mages are all united under the organization called the Association, right? If that's the case, why were you attacked by that puppet, Aozaki?
  If its master was a mage, wouldn't that mean that you were fighting an ally? Am I missing something here?"
"...I was saving that for last.
  Normally, this would be the point in the story where you'd say I made it all up or laugh it off.
  Even if you've experienced it, the existence of magecraft shouldn't be something you accept so easily..."
  Aoko scratched her head as though troubled by how Soujyuro could take every word at face value.
  Across from her, Alice's face betrayed no expression, but she shared the same opinion.
"Is that so weird?"
"It's mega weird.
  In fact, you've been weird from the get-go.
  A normal person would be shocked, scared, unwilling to accept our existence. Why do you of all people believe me when I say I'm a magician?"
  In retrospect, this question should have been posed at the house of mirrors.
  Back then, though Soujyuro was surprised by seeing the phenomenon of magecraft for the first time, he showed no surprise or discomfort toward Aoko, the mage wielding it.
  Feeling the probing stares of the two girls―no, the two mages―made Soujyuro feel uneasy.
  From where he was standing, their suspicion was suspicious in and of itself.
"There's no reason at all, really. Up in the mountains, people just accept things as they are.
  We don't deny something we see in front of us just because we don't have the knowledge to explain it.
  You said it yourself. Lighters and magic might as well be the same thing, right?"
  Thought they weren't really the same to him anymore, he added quietly before shutting up.
  What he said about those innocent days in the mountains had come from the heart.
  And the words resonated with not only Aoko Aozaki, but also Alice Kuonji.
  It was something everyone should have―principles to stand by.
  Indeed, to this boy, those words were an unshakable truth.
"Some things are the way they are. I see what you're saying."
  She was impressed, if only slightly.
  If this boy, no matter how much of an outlier he was, could accept the things around him, he would be able to get through this just fine.
"That's a good way of explaining it, Soujyuro.
  I guess the fault's with us for not believing you sincerely."
  Much like when Aoko met Soujyuro for the first time...
  In that classroom on his first day, Soujyuro took everything that was happening in his stride. The memory brought a bitter smile to Aoko's face.
"All right, let's get back on track.
  To your earlier question, for various reasons, there are mages that don't belong to the Association at all.
They do as they please behind the Association's back and fight other mages for their personal gain. That puppet's master is one of those types."
"To those jerkwads, we're a convenient, easy target.
But just because we have an arrangement with the Association doesn't mean we're one of them. It's not like they'll come to save the day if we're at risk of being killed."
"But aren't mages forbidden from using magecraft?"
"As long as it's not in public, the Association turns a blind eye.
  Heck, they practically encourage fights between mages, as long as it's kept a secret. Like if we don't use it, we'll get rusty or something.
  ...Anyway, the attacks on us are a different story and have to do with the fact that we own land."
"...By land, you mean this house?"
"Oh, please. Just this house? Alice and I hold the rights to the entirety of Misaki City. We're administrators of the whole region."
"Administrators? You own...  all the land in Misaki?!"
  Dazzled, Soujyuro looked away.
  He was sure he could see a halo of light around Aoko.
  He had only been renting an apartment for two weeks, but he was already aware of how magnificent the prospect of owning land in the city might be.
"You're r-r-r..."
  The word Soujyuro was trying to articulate was "rich."
  He shook all over with an emotion he did not fully grasp.
"...Hold it, you're thinking about this all wrong.
  When we say land, we're talking about the ownership and control of spiritual grounds, as mages.
  The Aozaki family might be a minor player, but we've got old roots here as mages, which is why Misaki falls under our jurisdiction."
"When I say we administer the land, I'm talking about a place where spiritual power is distorted and gathers easily. This type of land has always been valuable, and it's vital to the experimentation and practice of magecraft.
  After all, the three pillars of what makes a successful mages are a strong workshop, lots of disciples, and fertile spiritual grounds.
  To us, owning administered land and a residence to live in are number one on the priority list."
"..."
  Soujyuro let her continue while wondering exactly who these two girls were to have achieved both ambitions already.
"However, most sacred grounds have already been claimed by the Association. There's nothing left for anyone else.
  Rogue and landless mages have no choice but to borrow land from the organization in exchange for a monthly donation. They're basically worker bees, slaving away for the top dogs of the Association."
"But this land here, it's been in my family for hundreds of years, so the Association can't get their grubby hands on it.
  Do you understand what I'm saying, Soujyuro?
  To rogue mages, our land is the juiciest fruit there is."
  Soujyuro nodded to himself, unsure whether to call the conversation mundane or outright disturbing.
"I get it.
So you're basically fighting over the land."
"Pretty much.
But because the administered land of Misaki is so minor, its challengers have all been third-rate.
  The enemy this time is probably some small fry thinking this place was low-hanging fruit. Though for now, we're on a ceasefire because of your intrusion."
"...That's enough about administered land, Aoko.
  Sizuki seems to understand the point that there are other mages out there apart from us.
  If any danger exists, it's more likely to arise as a result of him becoming involved in one of our battles."
"He'll be fine.
  Besides, this guy has zero trace of magical energy, so there's no chance of him being sensed. Plus, he has less tactical value than a watchdog, so he shouldn't be a target anyway.
  We just have to make sure he doesn't escape before we can find the amnesia rune."
"..."
  Alice silently stared her partner down.
  Their ideas of 'involving' Soujyuro differed greatly in both gravity and risk.
  Aoko's lack of experience had led her to believe that Soujyuro would not get directly involved in any fighting.
  It was an honest and rational thought.
Aoko despised wasted action, so it was natural for her to expect the same frugality from her enemies.
  However, there were those in this world who could not tell right from wrong until it was too late.
"...No one knows what the future will bring.
  I only hope that when the time comes, we won't regret this."
  With a gloomy sigh, Alice came to her feet.
"Ahem. I'm not done with the lecture yet. You don't think that was entirely for Sizuki's benefit, do you?
  Your opinion matters the most, and we still haven't heard it yet."
"If you must stick to your plan, that's fine.
  I'll stick to mine."
  Alice glided soundlessly to the door.
  As the girl in black opened it, she paused, barely lit by the dim corridor.
  Then,
  without warning...
"?!"
  To the rhythm of her footsteps, the small glass bottle floated into the air and shattered, without mercy.
"That is what I should have done earlier."
  Her sharp tone made Soujyuro's face go pale.
  Alice's voice was so quiet, it was hard to tell if she was being serious or mocking him.
"I forgot to mention something."
  She icily eyed them before turning away,
  and in a voice even colder than her gaze, stated,
"I'm still not happy with this arrangement."
  Her frigid departure seemed to forbode the many difficulties that lay ahead.
"...She is *such* a sore loser."
  Aoko leaned back on the sofa while hurling abusive epithets.
  Her face looked even more irritated than usual.
"She says letting you go and letting you stay here are out of the question, but I don't see *her* coming up with any bright ideas.
  She's as stubborn as a mule. I wouldn't put it past her to resort to violence to get her way."
  Soujyuro threw a wary glance at Aoko while she grumbled.
  He wondered what Alice's show of defiance meant, shattering the glass bottle like she did.
"I thought I could convince her by including the backstop that we could erase your memory, but she's having none of it.
  ...It's rare that Alice is even cognizant of other people, but maybe having you live here was a step too far for her.
  She was fine while you were sleeping, but once she saw you awake, it must have roused her sadistic side."
"Watch your back, Soujyuro.
  She just might come to finish you off."
  If anything, Aoko's warning was an indication that persuading Alice had hit a dead end.
"...Somehow, it doesn't seem like the situation has changed much from the other night, Aozaki."
  She shot him an unconcerned look in reply.
"I mean it, really.
  That girl is just itching to finish what you started. The next time I make eye contact with her, I might not walk away alive.
  This must be what people call a cliffhanger."
"I'll try to make sure that doesn't happen.
  Besides, Alice isn't feeling as urgent as I was at the amusement park, so there's always a chance that she'll get over it by herself."
"You mean her reason for wanting me dead is... different from yours?"
"Yeah. That time at the park was because of our strict adherence to the secrecy law, but we've solved it for now. Even Alice understands how creepily earnest you are.
  So she should have no reason left to worry about confidentiality. At this point, she probably just doesn't want you to live here, hence her desire to murder you."
  She said so matter-of-factly, her eyes cold and serious.
  Soujyuro had hoped for a trace of deceit or exaggeration, but alas.
"I did get that impression from her.
  ...But it's strange. If that's how she really feels, then surely we can find another solution."
  Perhaps feeling guilty about putting Alice out, Soujyuro looked uncharacteristically concerned.
  Aoko immediately knew what his words really meant.
"You mean like keeping you locked up inside that tiny glass bottle until we find the magecraft needed to erase your memory?"
  The apathy in her voice until now was gone.
  Soujyuro answered with a simple nod.
  In truth, it was undoubtedly the easiest solution for all parties concerned.
  However...
"Soujyuro. I don't break promises. Remember that."
  She hated taking the easy way out, 
  and that quiet fury was clear in her soft words.
  As for where that fury was directed, Soujyuro was acutely aware.
  The pain in his chest made him regret making her say those words.
"I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking."
  His sudden apology caused her usual sullen expression to return.
  Aoko had not appreciated how angry she was, let alone the reason for it.
  To her, his apology had come out of nowhere.
"...I don't get you at all sometimes.
  What are you apologizing for this time?"
  She stared at Soujyuro, unblinking.
"Mmm? Oh... er... I'm not sure, myself.
  I guess I just felt like I should."
  Even in saying he was not sure, Soujyuro had answered honestly. Aoko was at a loss for words.
"But, I get what you're trying to say, Aozaki.
  Keeping a promise is more about the process than the outcome."
  He shot her a brazenly honest smile.
  That smiling face, filled with blissful ignorance, almost made her smile back instinctively.
"N-Now you get it. If life were only a means to an end, I couldn't live with myself."
  Aoko attempted to cover for her embarrassment with a quick retort.
  Though unintentional, having her true feelings exposed like that made Aoko a little uncomfortable.
  Finding offense in something was second nature to Aoko. Being made to feel uncomfortable was not.
  Though far from being unhappy at the remark, she turned away from its speaker.
  To disguise her perceived shame, Aoko started up the conversation again.
"If I say I'll let you go, you can be sure I'm going to do just that, regardless of how I feel.
  And if letting you live here is what it takes to keep my promise, I can take it, even if it means Alice and I butt heads.
  ...Even if they're just idle threats, there's no way I would let her bottle you up forever."
"Thanks. Now I get why you've given up trying to persuade her―she won't be persuaded anymore.
  Oh, so that's why you called it cold war."
"...It's not as if I'm doing this for you. I'm just keeping my promise.
  Like you said, I've done my part. Now it's your turn, Soujyuro-the ball's in your court."
  "Huh?" he replied, tilting his head.
"All right, listen up. I spent two entire days arguing and trying to convince Alice into agreeing to this co-habitation idea because, hello, I was the only one capable of doing it. But I've hit a dead end.
  From now on, I'm taking a hands-off approach.
  I'll protect you from Alice for the time being, but in the meantime you're the only one who can convince her to accept you, Soujyuro."
"What?!"
  Soujyuro had not expected that at all.
  Alice Kuonji.
  The girl in black who kept everyone at arm's length.
  If Aoko was a modern day mage in hiding, then Alice was a bona fide witch from the middle ages.
"...Aozaki, you understand how difficult that will be, right?"
"Of course I do, and now you know how I feel."
  Aoko stood up from the sofa.
  This was the end of the discussion, at least for now.
"So now you have an idea of what kind of people we are.
  The less involved you are in magecraft the better, so I'll spare you any further lectures.
  The long and short of it is, you'll be living here for three months.
  Your first objective... or first trial, if you like, is to somehow get Alice to accept you as her roommate."
"A trial? You just called it a trial."
"Sugarcoating it won't do you any favors.
  After all, blow it and you're a dead man, remember?"
  With her cold-blooded remark, Aoko started walking toward the door.
"Oh, and one more thing.
  About your room, it's up on the third floor. There's a set of stairs on the far side of the second floor hall, so use those. Also, this is not a dorm, so you're free to spend your time however you want.
  But whatever you do, do not go into the west wing. I rent the east wing, so it should be relatively safe in comparison, but still, it's generally safer to not wander around.
In other words, the safest places for you are your room and the drawing room."
"W-Wait, is that  really all you're going to tell me about the mansion?!
  Aozaki, that's messed up! That seems way more important to explain than magecraft!"
  He desperately called out to her as she began to leave the drawing room.
  Aoko could not help by pity Soujyuro.
"Can't you at least show me around?"
"Sorry, but I'll have to pass. Showing a country bumpkin the lay of the land twice is plenty enough for me.
  Plus, you just woke up. Why not take it easy in your room for the rest of the night?
  I'll show you how to get to school in the morning."
"It's not like I'm made of free time. My obligation to put up with you ends as soon as final exams are over.
  If you don't find some way to make nice with Alice, or find some way to blackmail her within a week, well, you know what that means."
  With barely a wave of goodbye the student council tyrant walked out.
"..."
  He unconsciously clenched the hand he had raised.
  Left all alone, he was at a complete loss.
  Then, as if to encourage him...
  Chirp chirp chirp.
  With the sound of lightly fluttering wings, a blue robin appeared out of nowhere.
  The tiny, chubby bird innocently looked Soujyuro up and down.
  The blue robin, a bird said to bring happiness according to folklore, flapped its little wings as if to cheer him on.
  Then, with a flutter, it mercilessly flicked off the lights.
  Leaving Soujyuro alone in the drawing room, Aoko returned to her bedroom.
  She closed the door to her room, and as soon as she sat on her bed she was overcome by a unexpected wave of exhaustion.
  Soujyuro had no way of knowing, but she had been preparing for war.
  In the event that Alice impulsively pulled out a Ploy, Aoko had to be ready to react in an instant.
  She sighed heavily.
  But not from the fatigue she felt at fighting with Alice.
"...Was I too hard on him?"
  She frowned a dejected frown.
  What weighed on Aoko's mind was not Alice.
"...I mean, going easy on him wouldn't do him any favors, either.
  The best thing he can do for himself is to lay low."
  It would be trouble if he wandered around like he owned the place, after all.
  The safest thing for him would be if he holed up in his room, too scared out of his wits to leave it.
"God, I hope he doesn't think I'm his ally or something.
  Alice is the lucky one, I'd kill to have him treat me as a stranger."
  She nodded to herself, agreeing with her take on the situation.
  For the most part, it was a sound plan.
  If there were a problem, it would be this.
"Sorry Aozaki. I just have one quick question."
  Not ten minutes had passed since leaving him in the drawing room.
  For Soujyuro to shirk off what she had said and visit her room so fast, it was like he had no sense of danger at all.
"I need to go outside."
  Of course he would ask to leave the house.
  Aoko lacked the energy for a sarcastic barb.
"I won't wander around the mansion, and I'll come right back when I'm finished. I just figured I should check if there was a curfew or anything."
"Work, is it?"
  "How did you know?!" Soujyuro exclaimed in surprise.
  When it was Aoko who desired to display her shock at him.
"Fine. You can go.
  You should make sure you're back on the estate by ten every night.
  As long as you keep to the curfew, you can go work your after-school job, have a barbecue in the garden, do whatever you want. I don't care.
  The front door is never locked anyway."
"...I get the impression you're, err...
  Angry with me."
"I'm angry all right, just not with you. I'm angry at myself for caring what happens to you.
  And before you go out, take this pill."
"??"
  Soujyuro took the purple pill from her outstretched hand and dubiously put it in his mouth.
  He told himself that it must have been some kind of medicine.
"All right, I'm off then. Thanks for everything, Aozaki."
"Oh and...don't leave through the window this time, okay?"
  Soujyuro laughed himself all the way to the foyer, unsure of what exactly he had found funny.
  Aoko watched him go, both indifferent and amazed all at once.
"Well that happened about half a day earlier than planned.
He was supposed to take his first pill tomorrow morning."
  She huffed, ruffling her hair in exasperation and returning to her room.
  Discerning what made Soujyuro tick was a waste of brain matter.
  In all likeliness, he was more concerned about missing two days of work than his own well-being after being bedridden for two days.
  With the day's work behind him, Soujyuro returned to the mansion.
"This must be it. It's the only set of stairs leading up from the second floor hall."
  It was just before midnight.
  This was the scene that awaited him beyond the rickety staircase.
"..."
  Not much surprised Soujyuro. Or rather, being surprised had become normal to him. This scene, however, was enough to leave him speechless.
  The room allotted to Soujyuro,
  no matter how he looked at it,
  no matter how he ran it through in his mind,
  was without a shadow of a doubt, an attic.
"..."
  This treatment stirred a tinge of anxiety in him.
  Just as he was about to flop onto the taut sheets of his bed, wondering if he could make this work despite his share of other problems,
  he noticed an awkward courtesy, so meager as to be useless.
"Something to use if you get cold. Consider it a gift."
  The message in the memo pointed to the meticulous personality of the author.
  The bed had been perfectly prepared.
  Carefully, setting aside the blanket that had been painstakingly placed on the edge of the bed for him in case he needed it, he looked up at the sky.
  Though faint, the stars twinkled through the skylight.
  For a mountain boy, that meager light was more than enough for him.
  The stark contrast with the drawing room had caught him off guard, but now that he had collected himself, it was not so bad.
  This room fit his personality.
  Even if he still was not used to the building, he felt more at ease here than he did in any building in the city, 
  perhaps because it was built on a hill, surrounded by woods.
  The atmosphere here was a little closer to the mountains where he used to live.
"...Oh. Is it normal for there to be fog inside the house?"
  He crooked his neck, pondering over the spectacle he had witnessed.
  On the way to his room, Soujyuro had encountered what looked like fog in the foyer on the second floor.
  The misty fog drifted into a portion of the corridor, reminding him of a swarm of mosquitoes.
  As he stared at it, he swore he could make out a strange landscape, and as he moved closer to get a better look...
  Again, out of nowhere, here inside of the mansion, a little blue bird darted purposefully in front of him.
"...A bird?"
  The bird caught his attention, stopping him in his tracks.
  When he looked to check on the fog again, the strange scene had disappeared.
"...This house must have a draft.
  I'll ask Aozaki about it tomorrow,"
  he muttered to himself as he sat on the bed.
  Meager as it was, the starlight peeping in through the skylight calmed him.
"Yeah, this will work."
  Exhaling slowly, he laid down.
  For the time being, he had the essentials needed to live, and his bed was many times softer than it appeared.
  Thinking his worries seemed smaller than they were, he quickly drifted off to sleep.
  That was the story of from when he opened his eyes, to when he fell asleep.
  Just like that, the short night following the long night was over.
  For one thing was true...
  Soujyuro was an optimist to a fault, but it wasn't the end of the world.
  Now, let us rewind five hours prior to this glutton for punishment going to bed.
  It was seven o'clock in the evening, just after the unproductive discussion between the two mages and the boy had ended.
  Leaving her roommate and the intruder in the drawing room, the girl walked alone through the foyer.
  From there, she headed to the west wing.
  These were Alice Kuonji's personal chambers, in which even her roommate, Aoko Aozaki, seldom dared to step foot.
  The foyer was illuminated only by pale moonlight.
  Hard footsteps echoed through the dreary, moonlit lobby.
  In such mansions in Japan, there was no custom for removing shoes at the door.
  Hence, Alice crossed the foyer in her boots.
  She only removed them when she relaxed in her bedroom.
"..."
  ...Suddenly, she remembered something from her childhood.
  She used to enjoy the feeling of the cold hardwood floor on her bare feet, and would walk around the foyer on particularly sunny days.
  After her father affectionately scolded her for it, she never did it again.
"And I don't know why I bother. Aoko never does."
  She let out a quiet sigh.
  Alice's new roommate, whom she took on after coming to Japan, would not comply with her instructions.
"Old habits die hard."
  Aoko would say, changing into her slippers.
  Aoko might have found it natural to do so given that she lived in a typical Japanese house through middle school, but every time Alice heard her flip-flopping through the foyer, she wanted to cancel their cohabitation.
  By now, Alice was not particularly bothered by it anymore.
  Human adaptability was remarkable at times, and ungracious at others.
  The emotional attachments of the past had proved far too brittle under the weight of reality.
  A little blue bird was perched on the banister.
  Its tiny chirping made Alice stop and look its way.
"...Leave him be for tonight. Right now, he's Aoko's problem."
  The lack of feeling in her voice made the bird tilt its head as it sang.
  Tweet tweet tweet.
  It trilled, as though questioning its master's uncharacteristic leniency.
"A promise is a promise. I can at least tolerate him for tonight.
  Aoko and the boy did go to such lengths, after all."
  She said to the bird, her voice betraying her discontent.
"If you win, I'll let you go."
  She would keep that promise, in spite of the unquenchable desire to fight that burned in her chest.
"...But I didn't make any guarantees after that.
  She scraped a win even with a handicap in our little game, but I won't let her strut around childishly rubbing it my face forever."
  Perhaps it was perfectionism born of fastidiousness, but 
  despite her prim demeanor, Alice Kuonji was a sore loser.
  It did not matter to her whose magecraft was superior. Losing the game had proven hard to move on from.
  The little bird fluttered its wings in agreement.
  Drinking in Alice's contempt, it was itching to dive-bomb the invader.
  It looked like a soldier saluting a superior officer as it preened itself.
  The blue bird turned to face its master.
  Tweet tweet tweet, tweet tweet tweet.
  Its lighthearted tweeting seemed to display a desire to deal with Soujyuro first thing in the morning.
"...Indeed. If he gives us a reason, let us put him in a bottle, or perhaps a book."
  Except, her words lacked any bite.
  On the face of it, they were the chilling kind one might come to expect from a witch's lips, but then again so tame as to remind you of a certain robin's flapping.
"It's only a matter of time, and there's not very much at that. My patience has its limits.
  Aoko is in no position to dote on others in the first place. I give her five days. And then..."
  When that time came, expelling him would be simple.
  Alice was well aware her roommate was a pragmatist with no vision.
  The situation she'd created would not allow her to wait around.
  She could only afford to protect that boy for three or four days at most.
  Beyond that, Alice sensed Aoko would crack and say something like, "You take care of this, Alice."
"Will I wait until then, or will I lose my patience first?
  Whichever comes first, the end result will be the same."
  Alice Kuonji would suffer no more irritations.
  And protecting a witness, let alone allowing them to live in her mansion, was an *indignity*.
"..."
  Alice looked up, fascinated by the dense fog that had crawled into the foyer.
  Above the fireplace was a single mirror.
  Roughly three feet in diameter, it decorated the wall where one might find a painting.
  Its surface was faintly clouded, and vaguely reflected the foyer's appearance.
"This is what I get for losing the Snark.
  I suppose that means the mirror is out of commission for the time being."
  The little bird joyfully chirped at its master's mumbling.
  The bird attempted to imply that there was no need for her to lift a finger, not if the nuisance would fall into the mirror of his own accord.
  Or perhaps...
  Had the little bird had not sang, Alice would have come to the same conclusion.
"..."
  For some reason, she recalled an earlier conversation.
"How about now? Still think this is the safest option?"
  In response to her question, the boy inside the bottle shrugged his shoulders and answered.
  From his perspective, the city and the mansion were no different.
  It seemed that having just moved from the countryside, everything was "something he had never seen before."
"I'm not proud of it, but I still have trouble writing, and the city rules are so complicated that I don't even know right from wrong."
  More than embarrassment, his voice was full of resentment.
  He was angry about something, though Alice could not tell what.
  But...
"That's why no matter where I go I'm always in danger.
  It may be an exaggeration, but even walking down the street, or talking to someone makes me anxious. No matter where I am, there's no guarantee I'll make it out.
  But here, there's someone that might show concern for a person like me. Sure, my reasoning is a little messed up, but I've never known such luxury."
  Her eyes welled up ever so slightly.
  Those soft words were something she could not brush off,
  because they made sense to her.
  Given that everything in the city was a danger to him, nothing had changed after coming to the mansion.
  In reality, he had no reason to fear this place in particular;
  if anything was different from the outside, it would be that someone here was his ally.
  With that view, he had been entirely sincere.
  His explanation hadn't contained any flattery towards Alice Kuonji,
  mor pandering to Aoko Aozaki.
  He was simply speaking from the heart: "I like it here."
"Perhaps having him wander into the mirror is more trouble than it's worth right now.
  I want to dedicate the mirror's function to searching for intruders, so if it looks like he's going to be swallowed up by it, do stop him, will you?"
  The bird shook its feathers at her strange instruction.
  Alice looked away from the mirror and continued her walk.
  The bird chirped in protest.
"It is your job, Robin. At least get that right, would you?"
  Leaving the bird with that icy retort, she vanished into the west wing.
  All that remained was the moonlight,
  and the little blue bird, trembling at an perilous prospect of unprecedented change.
            Once, long ago, I saw a beautiful bird fly overhead.
  Round and round, it circled the distant blue sky.
  How high it flew in this era when humans,
  not birds, reigned supreme.
  And yet the bird was completely uninterested
  in humanity's endless desire for expansion,
  our creation of even higher homes,
  or the smoke bellowing from industry's chimneys.
  The sky extends further than the eye can see.
  It belongs to no one, not now, not then.
  The bird was a truly noble creature.
  Flapping its wings powerfully across the wild, ancient sky.
  Until... The sudden sound of cold iron.
  A wing is shot, its symmetry gone forever.
  Cruel and tragic, its body plummets downwards.
  Not knowing its fate, the bird frantically beats its wings till the very end.
  One moment soaring with eyes to the sky, the next crashing down to the dry, hardened earth.
  ...This was the dream I saw.
  No matter how much I thought about it, its details remained clouded.
  What did that bird look like, for instance?
"All right, class dismissed!
  That's everything that will be on the test. Please don't share it with the other classes. You're the only ones I'm telling-think of it as a homeroom bonus.
  Remember, if this class gets the highest scores you can brag about it to all the other classes!"
  Mr. Yamasiro chuckled as he finished.
  This was typical of the kind teacher responsible for Year 2 Class C, the master at relaxing his pupils.
"I think you've got that backward, Mr. Yamasiro. You're the one who's after bragging rights!"
"Yeah, then he can finally get Mr. Satonaka off his back. We know he's been making fun of you all semester for our bad grades, sir."
"Err, duuh! We're like, total washouts, except for our totally excellent sports skills!"
"Please, though it might not mean much coming from me, high school is about more than just your test scores.
  Teachers don't really care that much about your grades, you know. Even if you all fail, it's not like anything bad will happen to us.
  But there is one student who does bother me..."
"I think you know who I'm talking about-you chose her to represent the entire student body, a monumentally awful decision.
  She makes a daily point to threaten to report me to the Board of Education, claiming my students' grades are the result of poor instruction rather than lack of studying.
  She said if students' scores don't improve, she'd come supervise my classes herself. What kind of student even says such a thing?!"
"..."
  The warm atmosphere in the room suddenly fell below freezing.
  The students of Class C now knew who their true enemy was.
"Right... I forgot Mr. Yamasiro was the student body advisor."
"The student president managed to revive the cheer squad, so I wouldn't be surprised if she can force a teacher out of their job, too."
"Yeah. I heard the she can guess teachers' ages with 100% accuracy.
  I can't believe she's the same age as us!
  
I mean, look at her compared to the girls in our class. Her boobs are way bigger!"
"Oh my god, please get Kinomi moved to Class A, sir! It's hard enough with a class full of apes, but he's such a pig!"
"But y'know, that girl doesn't even get the grades for a Class A member. Kinda middle of the pack, right?"
"That's the point, dumbass. She doesn't need to go to cram school, she's on the student council, and sometimes does a job or two. It'd be heinous if she got awesome grades too."
"Totally... We should leave the good grades to the vice-president."
"Hahaha. All right, that's enough gossiping, everyone. It's not nice to talk about people behind their backs.
  In any case, good luck with your studies. Remember, if your grades don't improve then winter vacation gets canceled!
  Oh, and Sizuki, could I have a word before you go?"
  Mr. Yamasiro gathered his things and beckoned for Soujyuro to join him in the hallway.
  There were no other students to be seen despite it being break time between classes.
  Voices were audible in the distance, but the hall itself felt strangely quiet and calm.
  Perhaps it was due to the sense of confinement created by the lack of windows.
  Usually students spent their breaks either in their classrooms or on the veranda.
"What is it, sir?"
"Oh, nothing major.
  Sorry to bring this up right before exams, but I've been meaning to ask: how's everything going with school? You settling in all right?"
"..."
  Though this level of concern from a teacher startled him, Soujyuro felt reassured.
  It was only natural.
After having had to deal with such difficult personalities lately, Mr. Yamasiro's trivial questions were refreshing.
"Yes. I think I understand the basics of school life for now. And I've made friends, too."
"Good, glad to hear it. Students in my class tend to mouth off, so don't take them too seriously. I'm glad you're able to fit in."
"..."
  Soujyuro's eyes shone brightly in appreciation.
  In Aoko's words, Mr. Yamasiro was a brutish, forgettable, downright detestable man who did not even deserve the title of teacher. But Soujyuro found him considerate in his own way.
"Take it easy with your part-time jobs. We give students a lot of time off before exams, but don't push yourself too hard.
  And if you have trouble with exams just ask the other students for help. There's no need to suffer in silence. If this school has anything it's plenty of people to talk to."
  With a wave of his hand Mr. Yamasiro was gone.
  The pure-hearted Soujyuro gave him a solemn nod as if to say he accepted the advice of his so-called forgettable teacher, and went back into his classroom.
  And then...
"Come again? You want my advice about girls?!"
  Soujyuro had not wasted a moment in putting Mr. Yamasiro's advice into practice.
"Yeah... It's like I've hit a wall with them.
I thought about it and thought about it, but I realized that I'm no good at figuring them out."
  Soujyuro averted his eyes out of shame over his lack of insight.
"You coulda fooled me. I thought you were man with the ladies! Well, you came to the right guy. Follow me."
  Shocked as he was, Kinomi grabbed Soujyuro by the shoulder and pulled him over to the wall.
  Kinomi had nearly burst out laughing when Soujyuro, with a straight face, had admitted his difficulty with girls. But, he realized it was the first time Soujyuro had ever turned to him for advice.
  Soujyuro was always able to break down any task at his part-time jobs into bite-size pieces, but he was clearly struggling with a different problem now.
  This was going to take some serious effort.
"Okay. Give it to me straight, pal. How big did you screw up?"
"I didn't screw up yet... but it might happen soon."
"Let's say a girl walked into The Mad Bear who's as prickly as a porcupine.
She doesn't like me and wants me to leave, but I don't want to."
  Soujyuro explained that he couldn't just quit his part-time job at the restaurant-he needed the money.
  Kinomi grunted a few times to indicate he was still following Soujyuro's story.
"So, like, you want the girl to split?"
"No, no. I want her to be okay with me working there.
  Because the thing is... I sort of... don't not like her."
  Soujyuro furrowed his brow.
  Kinomi could not help but laugh at his friend's lack of manly resolve in his answer.
  Girls were the one area where Housuke's skills and experience were triple those of Soujyuro.
"A-ha. Now I see.
  That's just the art of flirting, man. You want to get along with her, right?"
  Soujyuro wasn't sure how to respond.
  He nodded slowly without really understanding the implication of what Kinomi had said.
"But I don't know what to do. How can I get along with girls my age?"
"You talk to girls in our class all the time! Honestly, you make all the other guys look bad, you're a natural at it.
  Just keep being your usual clueless self and I'm sure you'll be fine.
  Being raised in the mountains makes you Mr. Mysterious. You gotta use that unique identity to your advantage."
"Really? I don't think being unusual is such a good thing, though.
  Like, how do you talk to someone who hates your guts? People in class are nice, but I'm dealing with a thorny beast here! O-Or maybe a hedgehog is a better metaphor..."
"Don't be a chicken, man. You know what they say, a tiny thorn can stop a lion. She'll come around."
  Soujyuro's brow sunk deeper still.
"All these abstract metaphors are too much for me."
  He needed more concrete material to work with.
"Come on, dude. You have to put in the work to get on a girl's good side.
  First ask about her hobbies and stuff she likes, then go from there. Think about what she wants, not what you want. You gotta blitz 'em from where they're weak, as they say."
"You mean... don't be too direct?"
"You got it. And then comes the most important part: bribery. You gotta shower her with presents.
  If the supply matches the demand, she'll accept your gift even if she don't like you. Then you've got her, she'll feel like she owes you one."
  Kinomi then proclaimed with an odd sense of pride that this approach had resulted in only failure for him.
"There's just one problem, Kinomi.
  I get that girls like being taken out to dinner, but..."
"You can't afford it. I know, I know.
  I got you covered, haha. I'm gonna let you in on a sweet little secret-an easy way to get you some cold hard dough."
"?"
  They slid from the side of the classroom deeper to one corner.
  To in front of the lockers, where no one ever stayed for long.
  It would be days before Soujyuro realized the suggestion he was receiving was of the illegitimate kind, the kind he should not have shared with anyone.
  That night...
  Dinner at the mansion was a feast of bread.
  Soft slices lay stacked in the center of the table,
  surrounded by variously colored jams.
  In a bowl was salad-mainly lettuce-
  with a small plate of unevenly cut ham.
  Soujyuro may have had no frame of reference for what an average family dinner should be, but he could tell that this was most certainly not normal.
  In truth, it was a first-rate case of laziness.
"Ugh. We're out of chocolate spread.
  Didn't I tell you to buy some more, Alice?"
"I've been locked away in my room all day.
  And more importantly, you're the only one that eats that stuff, so you should buy it."
  For these two girls, however, this dinner seemed to be completely normal.
  They had a system of irregularly taking turns being in charge of meals, and tonight was Alice's turn.
  Normally she would spend as little time and effort as possible, only truly applying herself when there was something to celebrate.
  Of course, Soujyuro was none the wiser to Alice's unique approach to food preparation.
  For him it was a plain, lackluster meal.
  And when it came to dinner...
  Not saying anything to each other was another staple of their meals.
  The sounds of cutlery, the scraping of chairs, and the tick-tock of the clock were the only things to be heard in the sunroom.
  Soujyuro himself had already eaten. At this moment he was watching the goings-on from the drawing room.
"Your part-time job starts at nine, right, Soujyuro? See you later then. Don't mind us."
"Okay. I'll get going then."
  Soujyuro donned his coat with a goodbye nod.
  When Soujyuro glanced again at the sunroom
  he momentarily locked eyes with Alice, or so he imagined.
"Huh?"
  She had been ignoring him all day.
  And not just refusing to talk to him-she had avoided him so much so as to not look at him all day until this very moment.
  He could understand if he was annoying her as the outsider in the mansion, but he felt no animosity in her gaze just now.
"Maybe she was just glancing in the general direction of the drawing room."
  Soujyuro looked nervously at his surroundings for a moment before heading to the foyer.
  Alice only let her gaze return to normal when she was completely sure he was gone.
"Ugh. So much drama."
  Aoko was appalled by Alice's brazen display.
  So much so, her immaculate veneer of apathy crumbled.
"What's that, Aoko? Still upset over tonight's lack of chocolate?"
"I would be, but I'm so over expecting other people to pull their weight.
  No, what I can't stand is your attitude.
  It's pretty sissy of you to pretend to ignore him while watching his every move. Could you be any more obvious with such a cheap trap?"
"I was not watching his every move. I could care less what he does. And mind how you use the word 'sissy.' It reeks of sexism.
Next time, just say 'you're a hypocrite,' okay?"
"Well look who suddenly found a soap box."
  Choosing not to rise to her roommate's jibe, Alice resumed eating.
  Aoko tore off pieces of bread and ate them one by one, anger still visible on her face.
"Forget whatever issues you and me have for a minute, and take some advice from someone who knows a thing or two about messing with that boy.
  Maybe, we need to cut him some slack.
  Hypothetically, let's say it turns out that he's a mage too. Then would you be okay with him living here?"
"Sure. But not for his benefit. I couldn't think of a more fitting punishment for you and I for not recognizing his ability sooner.
  So, yes, hypothetically speaking, I would. But we can burn that bridge when we come to it.
  But until then, perhaps I should accept his presence here, perhaps not. I reserve the right to have whims of my own."
"Then we're agreed.
  You can keep your chilly distance out of duty to me or personal pride, but if he shows signs of improving, then maybe-"
"Dream on. It doesn't matter what he does, he'll never change.
  As you very well know."
  Alice had never been the type to let her guard down around others.
  The young witch despised humans, having recreated so many of their objects and fairy tales.
"You can't use being a witch as an excuse for every personal issue you have. Yet another example of you being sissy, if you ask me.
  It's fine if you dislike him, just come out and act like it.
  Stop trying to have it both ways."
"And what's that supposed to mean?"
"That if you want to ignore him then ignore him for real.
  You're fortifying the castle walls while leaving the front gate wide open, waiting for him to make the horrible mistake of exactly what you're urging him to do. It's gross to watch.
  If you don't want him to come inside, then shut the damn door already!"
"I'm sorry, Aoko, you've lost me.
  Say that again in plain English."
  Alice seemed unable to grasp Aoko's metaphor.
  Meanwhile, Aoko had had it up to here with her roommate's lack of self-awareness and was starting to lose her cool.
"If you really don't care, then quit worrying so much about him! If he notices you gawking at him, he might just get the wrong idea!
  He's probably thinking, 'Alice looked like she wanted to patch things up. Maybe I should go stop by her room.'
 Or even worse!"
"...You really think so?"
"Yes! If it were me you were doing that to, I'd be dragging you out back and smacking you senseless. Bitch."
"Very well. I'll be more careful.
  It's not like I want to talk to him anyway. And for the record I didn't look at him, exactly. Only at his arms and legs."
"And why in the world would you look at his arms and legs?"
"Because of what happened the other night, though I doubt he even remembers.
I was thinking about it and just...happened to glance over at his arms and legs."
"You mean at the amusement park? I don't remember him doing anything special."
"..."
  Alice's expression soured.
  She still felt the sting of her defeat.
"You saw the way he flew through the air, didn't you?
  Off the track, straight at my Dumpty."
"Sure, you were raving about how he flew a whole couple of feet."
  Aoko had not actually seen it in person, luckily.
  All she knew was that the spell she had placed on Soujyuro was part of the reason he survived that jump of death.
  Alice on the other hand had observed the whole scene from the clock tower.
  It had only lasted an instant
  but it had burned itself into her mind's eye,
  more than when her precious moon had fallen at Aoko's hands
  and Flat Snark had come tumbling down.
"So that's it. You wanna get back at him for what happened to Dumpty, do you?"
"Dumpty's destruction was purely business. I feel no need for retaliation.
 I was just intrigued to observe the movement of a human body."
  As it goes...
For someone with as little human interaction as Alice, Soujyuro's leap must have appeared quite remarkable.
  Particularly because his legs were orders of magnitude less capable than those of an animal in the forest.
  And yet, even with such feeble legs, with those meek arms of his, he managed to fly through the open air like a bird.
  To her, it was akin to the feeling city folk get when they see a wild creature in its natural habitat.
"...Forget I mentioned it. I just hope I can witness that again someday.
And when I say 'human' I am not referring to him."
"...I see. It was novel for you. It makes sense considering most of your Ploys have non-human forms."
  Aoko sighed and released the tension from her shoulders.
  She was disappointed to discover that Alice's behavior stemmed from simple curiosity, like that of a child with a new toy.
  And Alice was in no position to take issue with her reaction.
  And how could she? She was not entirely sure what it was that she herself was feeling.
"I'll make dinner tomorrow.
  Another meal like this before exams is going to make it impossible to study."
"No complaints from me. I certainly wouldn't mind the free time."
  Night came and went in the mansion.
  For better or worse, the disturbances caused by the foreign invader had not yet caused the kettle to boil over.
  The next morning, at six-thirty, as sunlight spread out across the sky...
  Soujyuro walked to school with Aoko in the chilly morning air.
"So try not to ever be alone in the house. Okay?"
  It was her intention to keep Soujyuro safe until he left the mansion.
  Nonetheless...
"God I'm sleepy. What's the deal with going to school so early?"
"I'm not. I have to pull a thirty-minute shift helping with deliveries."
  His work ethic was a little too strong for a student entering finals.
"Are you sure you're not pushing yourself too hard, Aozaki?
  You don't need to keep tabs on me, you know."
"Oh don't you worry. I'll catch up on some sleep in the student council's room when we're done.
  I promised I'd walk you as far as the front gate, and I plan to stick to it."
  But internally, Aoko was worried.
  What traps did her roommate have in store for him?
  She could not imagine Alice had planned anything to go down in the woods, but she wanted to be safer than sorry.
  The least she could do was accompany Soujyuro to school. That much she was firmly committed to.
  Any traps that presented themselves could then be dealt with on the spot.
  Well, not "dealt with" so much as destroyed, since that was Aoko's forte. But that would be enough to keep him safe for the time being.
"As for when you get out of school, all we can do is hope that Alice is short on free time today."
"Err... Okay?"
  If Alice was willing to put all her energy into a new trap after the first had failed, then they were as good as dead anyway.
  But Aoko would cross that road when she came to it.
  It all depended on how deep Alice's dislike of Soujyuro really went.
  It would have to be enough to make her abandon her pride as a witch, something she had protected fervently until now.
"..."
  If that were the case Aoko knew she would never be able to keep him safe. The moment twenty-four seven protection became necessary was the moment she had failed.
  Her character led her to focus on what she could do in the here and now, and ignore the rest.
  And this current plan of hers was her best attempt at doing right by everyone.
  They left behind the Kuonji Estate.
  And the two remained together until the residential area at the bottom of the hill.
  Where Aoko glanced casually at Soujyuro.
"So, any thoughts?"
  Surprisingly, Soujyuro saw through her harmless question and sensed the bigger issue.
  How was he going to win Alice over?
  In fact he had been thinking about that very question.
  According to his friend...
  There were three basic approaches he could take.
  One was the roundabout approach.
"This way takes the longest, but it's the most natural.
  Humans love it when you pay attention to the things they like, just as friends do."
  In other words, instead of focusing on the person one wishes to win over, one should focus on their interests.
  It was a surprisingly mature opinion coming from Kinomi. Unfortunately, Soujyuro had no idea what sort of things Alice liked.
  She seemed very fond of the mansion, but what could he do-clean it for her? He sensed that would have a reverse effect.
  He had the distinct feeling she would not want him touching what was precious to her.
  The second approach was to take the inner track.
"It's the fastest way to get someone to fall for you. When you can't coast on your natural good looks and charm, that's what your wallet is for.
  You know what I'm talking about-gifts!"
  A quick-and-dirty strategy-the assassin's strike.
  Manipulate someone's feelings with an expensive gift.
  To Soujyuro, this sounded like his best chance.
  The approach was easy for him to grasp, and he appreciated its simplicity.
  However, he had the same concerns as with the first approach.
  A step was missing, and without this step the plan was bound to fail.
"The only other option is...well, I guess you could call it 'wait and see.'
  I don't fully understand it myself, but they say if you try too hard, your plan's bound to backfire.
  Like, you don't ever want the girl to have a sudden epiphany of 'Oh, now I love him!' It's better that it dawns on her after you've hung out together for a while, like, 'Wait...I think I like him!'"
  Though Soujyuro did not quite grasp the details he understood the basic idea: Don't press your luck.
  He knew that much was good advice.
  He would have to try extremely hard to get on Alice's good side.
  And he could tell it would be a long process to get there.
  Soujyuro recalled the time he had wandered inside a fox's territory in the mountains.
  He had left some food on the ground for the fox, and then it never bothered him again.
  What is considered good will and kindness varies from person to person.
  But if there is enough good will from one side, regardless of whether that good will is reciprocated, the other side will eventually start to feel an obligation to do so.
  That was key.
"It's okay, I'll think of something. For now, I can only do... what I can do.
Don't worry. I've taken your counsel to heart, Aozaki."
"..."
  Soujyuro seemed ready to face things head on.
  His answer did little to reassure Aoko, however. She found herself more concerned about his safety than ever before.
"You're looking for a broom like the ones at school?"
"Yeah. The cheaper the better."
"Don't you live in an apartment? Who needs a broom in an apartment?"
"Well, you know, I've been wanting to clean things up a little. I could use some trash bags, too."
"Aren't you supposed to be broke or something?
  Whatever. Wanna use my broom then? I'll lend it to you if you want."
"Actually... I need it for longer than one day, so maybe it's best I buy my own.
  I mean, I always wanted my own broom. Brooms are nice to have around, you know?"
  Soujyuro was on his way home from his part-time job after school.
  It was four in the afternoon, two hours earlier than his part-time job would have normally ended.
  The Mad Bear's head chef had gotten in trouble with the accountant for making a student work the day before exams. Thus, Soujyuro's boss had tearfully sent him home early.
  And that is when it happened.
  The interruption to his standard schedule must have been just the shock he needed.
  Normally, he would meet up with Aoko after she was done with student council affairs and go home with her.
  However, today, Soujyuro was asking the other students who worked at the same place if they knew any shops in the area where he could buy a broom.
"God, what's wrong with you? People from the countryside are like, so weird.
  Anyway... You know that nasty ramen place near school? Just go to the end of that street and there's a hardware store called Okita.
It's way cheaper than the home supply store to the west of the station, as long as they have what you want, anyway.
  Use my bicycle if you want, I don't care. I won't need it until exams are over anyway."
  Soujyuro's eyes lit up as if he had met his savior. But biking uphill to the mansion, let alone with a package to carry, was not a pretty thought.
"I appreciate the offer, but I'll pass. See you at school tomorrow!"
  Saying farewell to his co-workers he headed to the hardware store.
  He needed a cheap and sturdy bamboo broom and a large dustpan to go with it.
  If possible, a pushcart and stick for a splint would have been nice, too. As it happened, Soujyuro wanted quite a few things.
  Alice returned to her work after waking from her nap.
  The Kuonji Estate had an annex that housed a library.
  The library was filled with books handed down to her from her mother, so it was Alice's territory such that even Aoko dared not enter.
  If the mansion was a witch's abode, left behind by the times,
  the library was a fairy-tale quarters, lost to the ages.
  It was a natural sanctuary for the young witch who could command Ploys to do her bidding.
  She relied on her memory to recall the location of each book on the many shelves.
  And then she saw it.
  Upon raising her head she was met with the most unusual of sights.
"..."
  Her elegant eyebrows bristled in distaste.
  From that moment on, she failed to accomplish anything she had planned for that day.
  She was instead forced to stare at the strange sight outside her window, eyebrows fixed in that position until the sun set.
  Ah well.
  Moving into the grand mansion on the hill had not brought any major changes to Soujyuro's day-to-day schedule.
  He woke up,
 went to his part-time job,
 ate breakfast,
 and went to school.
  Classes came and went, still strange and new,
 broken up by rare and brief moments of rest,
 until the school day ended.
  He left school,
 went to his part-time job,
 slept,
 woke up,
 and studied for exams.
  A modest life for a modest young man, continuing every day in the same fashion despite his best efforts to change his fortune.
  But nothing ever really changes.
  Whether Aoko was by his side in the mansion, as was frequently the case,
  or whether Alice was making him drink some potion she prepared before going to bed.
  The former was an attempt by Aoko to make him feel better,
  the latter was some attempt to keep him safe, even if he did not fully appreciate it.
  Then, one day, a day like any other, while Soujyuro was pouring himself some tea as he worried over the lack of change in his life...
"...Oh, by the way."
  His relationship with Alice was the same as ever, but there was one major change this morning-he was drinking black tea instead of green.
  Though there were all sorts of different types of tea to be found in the kitchen, a newcomer to the world of tea like Soujyuro could not tell one of them from the next.
  Naturally his tea-making skills were limited to tea bags, one of which he placed in his cup before returning to the dining table.
  Alice and Aoko were already seated.
  The two were eating in silence.
  In this household it was everyone for themselves when it came to breakfast.
  The diplomatic description of their breakfasts would be "simple." The more accurate description would be "two slices of stale bread prepared in seconds."
  Aoko exchanged a word or two with Alice, took a sip of tea, and stood up from her seat.
  Since it was winter break for the high-schooler Alice, she returned to her room after eating as she normally did,
 while Aoko headed to the front door, shoes in hand, ready for school.
  After hurriedly clearing the table, Soujyuro rushed out the door after Aoko.
  Together they walked down the long hill in the direction of school.
  They had spent three days following this very simple routine.
"So, any word on you-know-who?"
  School had ended, and evening had arrived.
  Buttered bread roll in one hand, Alice replied with a simple, silent shake of her head.
"Thought so. The enemy must be considering their next move too.
  Have you figured out where the mage is?"
  Her response was exactly the same.
  Without showing the slightest sign of dejection she continued to chew the roll and took a stab at her salad.
"Okay then. I'll help you once exams are over if you can manage on your own till then. I have to help that idiot study so my schedule is pretty warped."
  Alice's face grew dour as if she had something to get off her chest.
"Don't give me that look. You're on winter break, you can spend all day working on it, can't you?"
"..."
  Alice was indeed on vacation and could spend all day every day on her work as a mage.
  Yet she had spent the past few days holed up in the library instead.
  She was hardly devoting herself to "dealing with the challenger," as Aoko put it.
"Alice? Are you listening?"
"Yes. I'll get to work on it tonight."
  Sighing, she stood up.
  What was bothering Alice, and what was it she wanted to say?
  What had she been doing only two hours earlier?
  The young witch took her leave from the breakfast table without offering a single clue.
  Two hours earlier...
  Her dreams at night often involved
  memories from when she was young.
  In the northeast of England,
  there was a misty oak forest.
  This was a land of birds and beasts, a land untouched by the modern era, where no human dared to enter.
  There, deep within the woods, was the home where she was born and raised.
  The woods were an ancient creature unto themselves, existing for generations.
  Her venerable-or perhaps foolish-ancestors had insisted on maintaining its purity, passing this tradition of the First Witches down to their descendants.
  Alice did not know for certain how far back her family line extended.
  This knowledge had been passed down the generations without fail until her mother, but Alice only knew what she'd been taught via oral tradition.
  Thus, no one alive knew exactly when those first women made those woods their home.
  The traditions had been forgotten,
  and by the time she was born
  there were no horned white horses,
  no rainbow-colored birds flying in the sky.
  Instead, what she had was a collection of modern furniture.
  Furniture that was neither befitting those woods' legacy, nor the rooms it sat in. And though their fabric was far too rough for a young woman's skin, still they were not wholly uncomfortable to sit on.
  The collection was her inheritance granted to her mother and then to her,
  both old-fashioned women from a bygone era.
  She knew the furniture had been a gift from a man from nearby Manchester who visited her mother once a week,
  and this pleased her somehow in a childlike way, stoking her sense of nostalgia.
  Indeed, only nostalgia and old furniture remained.
  No sparkling Cadillac with a chauffeur,
  no gardens grand enough for a castle,
  and no adults filling the space with life.
  They had all disappeared like the mist.
  ...Or perhaps they disappeared into the mist.
  No longer could Alice see the smiling faces of her parents, her mother's filled with happiness
  and her father's sweet as a honeycomb.
  The woods had prohibited such things from her earliest days.
  ...All that remained were hazy doubts.
  Still, countless oddities around the mansion remained.
  There were priceless items which she had never wished for.
  Gifts, which only served to irritate her.
  How could she have ever handled them so fondly? Alice found herself unable to relate to her former self.
"..."
  Her closed eyelids fluttered.
  It was afternoon, the sun still hiding behind clouds.
  She was called back to the waking world, not by the sound her own ears could hear, but by the mansion reacting to it.
  A small bluish bird piped up, perhaps worried by the painful-looking way she squeezed her eyes shut.
  Her vision was still blurred with sleep.
"How odd. You look just like a bird I met in my dreams once upon a time."
  Speaking these words, she felt the details of her dream fading.
  The robin frolicked, as if proud to be the bird of which she spoke.
"Don't worry. I can scarcely recall the dream now, but I know it wasn't you I dreamt of.
  ...And what's making that noise?"
  She stared coldly at the now disappointed bird as she demanded her answer.
  Then, she realized what had drawn her out of her slumber.
  It was the grating noise ringing out from the mansion's rear courtyard.
  The robin had detected the clamor, and come to alert the head of household.
  She listened. And all at once her grogginess vanished without a trace.
"Ah yes. He's not only hard on the eyes, but also on the ears, it seems."
  Her disinterested remark had less to do with her position as resident witch, than with her irrational irritation.
  A long-unused pump was the source of the ruckus.
  There, in the Kuonji Estate's courtyard...
  A slim silhouette was visible against the trees, as the day crept closer to sundown.
  Glancing furtively around the trees, the figure was gathering everything from plastic bags to an illegally abandoned bicycle. At times, the figure attempted to mend broken tree branches, while at other times he resolutely pruned them.
"Hrm. What a mess."
  It was surely the fault of one of the two roommates.
  Wild dogs had gotten into the mansion's storage shed, torn open some trash bags, and made an enormous mess.
  Bamboo broom in hand, Soujyuro set himself to silently tidying things up.
"..."
  Alice approached the figure on the pretense of taking a morning walk.
  She took such walks once a month at most, but she had special reason for taking this one.
"Sizuki."
"Hello. Are you going out?"
  He replied casually.
  Alice surveyed the trees around her with as cold a gaze as she could muster.
"No, I'm not going anywhere.
And what, may I ask, are you doing out here? I thought you would be coming home from school with Aoko later. Where is she?"
"Aozaki's still at school. I finished work early today, so I'm just passing the time.
I'll meet her at the front gate later and walk her back."
"I see. But did you tell her you were coming home early today?"
"Oh. Uh..."
  Soujyuro stumbled over his words with obvious unease.
"So we'll meet at the mansion's front gate at five! Got it?" 
  And he had every intension of doing as promised.
  But maybe what Aoko really meant to say was "Stay away from the mansion until five o'clock!"
"I'm sorry. Please don't tell Aozaki about this."
"Don't worry, I won't. Besides, we never talk about you anyway.
  What exactly are you doing here? I thought you and Aoko have exams. Shouldn't you be studying?"
"What? Oh, I haven't neglected to study.
  I do two hours every night before I go to bed."
  He was not yet familiar with the common student concept of "cramming."
  He would be in a few hours from now, however.
"I was more worried about the condition of the woods around the mansion.
  When was the last time someone tended to this hill?"
"..."
  Alice stood speechless.
  She had lived here for three years, but there was no need to tell him that.
  Soujyuro casually continued collecting trash as if Alice had not been standing before him in silence.
  For her, it was one of the most brazen insults she had ever received.
"Why, you..."
  Her voice full of desire to extinguish his life.
"Yowch!"
  His simple cry interrupted her before she could finish.
"Ouch... I just kicked something really hard."
  A rusty mass of metal lay buried at his feet.
"What's this spiky metal thing? I should shut this before someone gets hurt."
  He inspected the dangerous object before him with a befuddled expression.
  Apparently, he had no idea that it was a common trap used to catch wild animals.
"That's a bear trap. We used to have a stray dog problem up here.
  Someone from town must have left it there."
"Strays, huh? Do people really use this to catch dogs?"
"Yes. When an animal steps on it a spring makes that sharp part clamp onto their leg.
Though I've never actually seen one in action, come to think of it."
"Really? It's so obvious it's a trap, though. What animal would fall for it?"
  Alice could only nod in agreement with his naive observation.
  Though she had not seen one of the devices since her childhood, she remembered harboring the same doubts back then.
  Alice knew very well how smart wild animals really were.
  How could they so easily be fooled and delivered into human hands by such a simplistic contraption?
"...Some people use food as bait."
  Alice let slip.
"And the hungry animal approaches even though it's obviously dangerous?"
"Yes, but timing and circumstance play a key part.
  You see, if an animal is starving to death, curiosity is bound to get the better of it.
  The worst that could happen is injuring one leg. Even if the animal recognizes the danger, suffering an injury to its leg is far better than dying from starvation."
  Indeed.
  An animal lives knowing it might ultimately die at a hunter's hand, but the prospect of dying from hunger is unbearable.
  That was doubly true for any creature that had young to look after.
  A dog willing to sacrifice a leg to obtain food for its pup was easy prey for a trapper.
  Perhaps it would try anyway, knowing full well the risk.
  The end result was the same: the animal would risk its leg to survive, and end up dead.
"Humans are no different.
  If losing a leg is what it takes to survive, anyone would make the same choice."
  She spoke assertively as if trying to convince herself at the same time.
  That was―
  "Humans and animals are kinda different, don't you think?"
Once again, his timid voice cut her off mid-thought.
"What do you mean 'different'?"
"I mean, the whole idea that losing a leg could help you...
  Animals do not squander anything. And they don't have such complicated thoughts, either.
  They don't consider giving up one thing in order to gain another the way humans do."
"For them, losing a leg is the same as dying.
Living without waste is the same as living without losing anything at all. Every animal knows that losing even a part of themselves means they're as good as dead."
"No animal calculates whether it's worth losing a leg or not at the moment they see a trap and decide to approach it.
  That kind of thinking doesn't work for them. When they know they'll lose a leg, they're already prepared to sacrifice their whole life."
  It was far from the response she had expected him to give, but she found herself nodding nonetheless.
  He had been raised in a mountain village where people had to coexist with nature, not in crowded urban area.
  His childhood environment was not a civilized or cultured one where the weak and old were protected.
  No, he was accustomed to a lifestyle where mankind and nature coexisted, not one of infinite possibilities and convenience.
  It was no wonder that Soujyuro saw injuries as something that, once inflicted, lasted forever.
  If not, then he would not have explained the way wild animals live in nature in such detail.
  His words rang very true.
  A horse rendered unable to run by a leg injury could no longer function in the way a horse is meant to function. It would thus no longer be seen as a horse at all in human society.
  Once a wild animal loses its ability to run, though it may still live, it loses its sense of significance in the world.
"I wonder if this one has ever caught anything."
"Well, we'd have to be the people who put it here to know that, wouldn't we?"
  Alice's tone was tense in response to his friendly and candid observations.
  Though she'd been the one to strike up a conversation, she still found the bear trap far less of a nuisance than Soujyuro himself.
"In any case, I can see that you're trying to clean things up, but what's this all in aid of? Is this your attempt to get on my good side?"
  Animosity burned in her eyes.
  She did not like being sucked up to, and decided that the moment he did so would be the moment she disposed of him.
  It was one thing to be ingracious, treacherous, or even to cut off relations with her.
  But she could not abide being spoken to insincerely.
  For her, that was the ultimate insult.
"How would cleaning the woods make you happy?
  It's only this bad because neither of you care, right? I thought I was the only one who felt bad seeing the grounds in this state."
  It seemed he had not picked up on her animosity one bit.
"...Excuse me, I'm well aware that I haven't kept the grounds in the best shape, but it's not because I don't care. In fact, I love the trees in a way."
"Really? Then why don't you groom them?"
"I love them, but I don't dote on them.
However, I've reconsidered. I'm going to make tending to the grounds a part of my daily routine.
  In any case, the only strange thing here is your behavior.
  What interest do you have in these woods?"
"It's not strange at all.
I love woods, and this hill reminds me of the mountains back home.
  When you see a person struggling who kinda looks like someone you were once sweet on, don't you feel like stepping in to help?"
"You know... as a fellow human being,"
  he concluded.
  His last uncalled-for remark upset Alice.
"So being raised in the mountains makes you want to clean up the backyard? No, I'm not convinced.
  I think this is all an effort to butter me up.
  Why would you feel so attached to an otherwise unremarkable wood like this? It doesn't even have any oak trees."
"So? I like it. Isn't that enough?
  I like these woods just because they're here. I don't think there's anything wrong with finding something beautiful for no particular reason."
"No particular reason? Are you telling me you like every wooded area on earth?
  You have no relationship with this wood.
  There is no context or reason for your liking it.
  And if there's no external reason, then it must be because you're up to something."
"...Do I need a reason to like something?"
"Huh?"
  Soujyuro had uttered his question as if he had been confronted with an entirely new concept.
  The cliché "love needs no reason" was certainly not what he intended to throw in her face.
  He had simply asked whether feeling without reason could be real.
  After boiling over at him, Alice simmered down.
  She took a step back, embarrassed to have raised her voice at him.
"..."
"..."
  It was an unbearably awkward silence.
  Alice searched for the words to regain her pride.
  She could not leave it on that note or it would have looked like he won the argument.
  At the end of the day this was her wood; her world.
  Losing an argument to a mere human was enough to make any witch bite her lip at the dishonor.
"By the way, should I leave this here?"
  Soujyuro casually reached out toward the bear trap as if Alice's animosity had been a mild gust of wind.
"I don't need it. I said it's not mine, remember?"
"Okay, then I'll get rid of it. It's rusty and I doubt it still works, and those teeth look pretty sharp. If I leave it here, I'll probably have a bad dream about it."
  Soujyuro lifted up the heavy mass of iron with a loud exhale of breath.
  He preceded to walk over to the shade of a nearby tree and toss it inside something unusual-looking.
"Where did you find that trailer, Sizuki?"
"A shop in town.
  I thought I might need it, and boy was I right. I'm getting good at listening to my gut instincts."
  What an odd master of good deeds he must have appeared, so proudly dragging along that trailer of his.
  Seeing the grin on his face, Alice realized just how pointless it was to try to converse with the boy any further.
"...It's my own fault for trying to talk to him. I should have known better."
  She turned away and headed back toward the mansion.
  Aoko had been right all along.
  Realizing how much time she had wasted, Alice now fully agreed: she should do everything in her power to ignore him, utterly and completely.
  Misaki High was a private school, and as such its winter break started earlier than public schools.
  The end-of-term ceremony was in mid-December, followed by a brief respite before the next term began.
  Of course...
  That was if and only if they overcame the classic obstacle lying between them and an extended break from school: final exams.
  The radio continued its broadcast late into the night.
  A thermos of hot tea eliminated the need to venture down to the kitchen.
  An electric blanket kept away the winter cold, and a crab-shaped pastry staved off any dinnertime hunger.
  These were the lengths Aoko had gone to.
  She needed to ensure that every aspect of her surroundings helped her pull a successful all-nighter.
"Congrats on surviving the first day of exams.
  Are you ready to leave your old study habits behind and be reborn as a new student?"
"..."
  Soujyuro nodded earnestly.
  Upon returning from work he encountered not the mage he expected but the demon student council president-Aozaki.
  Half a day earlier.
  The first day of exams were over, and Soujyuro was about to head back to the mansion where he hoped to put his plan into practice, when...
"Tonight, I'm holding you prisoner.
  Your grades are simply unacceptable. Cancel your shift and any other plans you have."
  ...a cold, blue grin greeted him in the hallway.
  Clenched in her fist was Soujyuro's exam paper.
  Mr. Yamasiro had no doubt said,
"He only just transferred. We can't expect miracles."
  But she had snatched the exam out of the teacher's hands the minute he tried to show her.
  That was how Soujyuro had ended up in Aoko's room, instead of the room in the attic to which he was accustomed.
  Though her situation was far from normal, at the end of the day she was an adolescent girl like any other.
Naturally, she felt uncomfortable letting a boy her own age into her room.
  However, his grades were truly something that called for desperate measures.
  That explained why her mood was even worse than normal today and the vein on her forehead was pulsing visibly with anger.
"I need to finish my own studies first.
  You can use that table in the meantime."
  Aoko turned her back to him and sat down at her favorite desk.
  Soujyuro was left standing before a cheap-looking glass table.
"I'm still really not used to all this.
  What's that blue thing over there, Aozaki?"
  Restless, Soujyuro found his eyes drawn to the guitar propped up in the corner.
"It's thin, blue and intense-looking, it's got your name written all over it.
Don't tell me it's some kind of weapon?"
"It's a musical instrument. I understand if you've never seen an electric one, but you must've seen an acoustic guitar in the music room. Keep talking, though, and you'll soon see if it also works as a weapon."
  Soujyuro plopped himself down onto a cushion, struggling to suppress the desire to retort that it was a weapon after all.
"..."
"Don't play the victim. Usually you're as oblivious as an old and deaf dog. What's got you worked up this time?"
"..."
  In fact it was Aoko who was oblivious for once.
  For his part, Soujyuro could not figure out why he felt so restless either. Suffice it to say, they were both pretty clueless in this moment.
"Is it the way I decorated my room? My furniture's totally different to the stuff in the drawing room, so I understand if it seems a little weird.
  I brought everything from home except the bed. It's been two years since I moved here, but I still don't feel like me and my stuff belong in this big, old house."
  Though she misunderstood the real reason for Soujyuro's nervousness, Aoko seemed satisfied that she had resolved Soujyuro's anxiety for the time being and returned to her studies.
  She flipped through her notes and textbooks as if fast-forwarding a tape.
  There was no opening for an outsider like him to intrude in her high-speed study session.
  Repelled by her intensity, he retreated to his table. He was at least sensitive enough to pick up on her desire to be left alone.
  It was a testament to Soujyuro that having his needs utterly ignored was now second nature to him, to the extent that he could now happily go about his business in solitude.
  Two hours passed.
  Then, as the clock neared eleven, Aoko's speed and concentration began to slip.
  Seeing his window of opportunity, Soujyuro seized the moment to strike up a conversation.
"Aozaki, can I talk to you for a minute?"
"What is it?"
  She spoke hesitantly, not bothering to turn to face him.
  She continued to flip the pages of her textbook, albeit at a slower speed than before.
"I noticed how you and Alice have been acting at dinner these past three days, and, uh...
  Is it always like that?"
"Yes, it's normal. Do we not look normal?"
"Hm... I'm not sure how to answer that.
  It's just, at school people seem to enjoy eating together, so I thought it was strange that the two of you don't look like you enjoy it, and I thought maybe it's because of... you know..."
"Don't worry, it's not because of you that we haven't been talking at mealtimes. We've never talked to each other during meals."
  Aoko spoke calmly with her back still turned, seemingly unaware of what he was getting at.
"Well, it can get pretty tense.
  And here I thought you two were close friends."
  She neither confirmed nor denied his statement.
  She was, however, surprised by the disappointed tone in which he had made it.
"You're not wrong. It can get tense.
  I can't remember how many times she's put mescaline in your drink, and yesterday she was adding rowan to your salad.
  ...Beats me what the hell she was thinking."
  A bitter smile spread across her face in reminiscence. The pages of her textbook continued to turn.
"Mescaline? What's that?"
"It's a hallucinogenic alkaloid produced by the peyote cactus. I'm assuming it's more than just your average hallucinogen if Alice is using it, though... And I'm done!"
  With that she slammed shut her fourth textbook of the night.
  After having scarcely changed position the whole night she finally turned in her chair to face him.
"Now it's time to put you to work.
  I don't know what else I was expecting, but I still almost fainted when I saw your scores."
  Her tone was light but her gaze was heavy as she stared at Soujyuro, seated cross-legged on the floor.
"Modern literature, geography, math, and electronics...
  If you don't up your grades over the next two days your winter break is as good as gone. And that'll be more of a problem for me than you."
"I disagree. I think it'll be worse. Going to school during the break would not work out for me."
  Soujyuro calmly corrected her.
"For you?! If you have to go to school over the break, what do you think will happen to me?"
  All she could think about, as much as she tried not to, was Mr. Yamasiro and his annoying grin.
"I cannot allow any student to fail every single class. Not on my watch.
  If I could beat good grades out of you I would."
"Lucky for you, you have 'extenuating circumstances,' shall we say, so I'll give you a pass just this once.
  A good all-nighter is usually enough for me to prepare for exams, so it shouldn't take too long to get you up to speed either."
  Soujyuro's expression openly soured in response to her declaration.
  It was obvious he did not think he needed her meddling in his studies.
"Oh, please. Which of us do you think is going to have the harder time of it, me or you?"
  Soujyuro got the feeling that it would be him, but he nodded slowly nonetheless.
  Then again, it would probably take more effort on her part than on his, and in any case he knew there was no way to talk her out of it.
"...I feel bad for making you do this."
  Soujyuro summarily bowed his head to show gratitude and willingness to work.
"Good.
And don't worry, I'm not a demon, like they say.
  You can get less than average marks and still pass. You'll probably be able to go to bed by three."
  She nodded with satisfaction, pleased by his studious attitude.
  He had plenty of obstacles ahead of him, but that sense of humility might be enough to see him through.
"Wait, what was I thinking? I can't afford to be this soft on you.
  Sizuki, let me be straight about this... temporary arrangement. It's not every day I offer private, one-on-one lessons like this.
  This is beyond rare, an exception among exceptions. And don't you go forgetting that."
  She spoke more to convince herself than him, but his expression still darkened.
  It made one want to hang a side around his neck that read, "please take me home," like an abandoned pet. Aoko chided herself for being so soft.
  For some reason, in that moment she recalled that it had been raining the day they met each other.
  Time passed like the falling grains of an hourglass.
"...Finished."
  Aoko squinted as light poured through the window and she downed another cup of tea. She had lost count of exactly how many she had drank long ago.
"And it only took the whole night, eh, Aozaki?"
  Soujyuro picked up on what she left unspoken.
  Aoko had used up all her pep.
  In staying up all night, but also in shouting at him.
  He looked pale and uncomfortable, just as he had all night long.
"I underestimated you, Soujyuro Sizuki."
"Come on, Aozaki, you know I get weirded out when you compliment me."
"No, no. You deserve a pat on the head."
  She was at the end of her rope, but she could not help the bit of pride that swelled up in her.
  His lack of even the most basic comprehension was shocking, even taking into account his upbringing in the wilderness.
  His ability was that of a middle school student, and that was being generous.
  Preparing him for exams by teaching him new concepts and ideas was a waste of time.
  Rote memorization was his only hope for passing.
  Everything he memorized could collapse like a house of cards afterwards for all she cared. So long as he remembered for his exams.
  Assuming he had the capacity to be a good student in the first place had been her mistake.
  It took all night to cover the content for just four exams, and she still did not feel confident he could apply what he so earnestly tried to memorize.
"I appreciate your effort, but you just take too long to memorize new information."
"Come on, go easy on me. I'm used to learning things with my body, not my head."
"..."
  Aoko let out an exasperated sigh.
  Naturally, physical prowess mattered more in mountain life than the intellectual kind, but still.
"Whatever. At least now you should do well enough to satisfy Yamasiro.
  Mind making some more tea?"
  Soujyuro stood up and obeyed, as Aoko stretched her aching back.
  She had apparently bought the tea bags in bulk, so there were still plenty to use.
"Good grief. This is so wasteful."
  He spoke under his breath so she wouldn't hear.
  It made him somehow happy to see her so tired and unfocused after the grueling all-night lesson she had given him.
  It did not cross his mind that the excess tea bags, far from being an indulgent purchase, were purchased intentionally to sustain them through the night.
  A relaxed expression came across Aoko's face as she watched him, naive and peaceful as could be.
"Not bad. But I should teach him how to make it from tea leaves instead."
  Seeming to have overheard her not-so inner monologue, Soujyuro made to face her.
"Does it really make a difference?"
"Yeah, big time.
  ...Although, honestly I don't really care. Alice is the one who's really picky about her tea.
  Which reminds me. How are things going between you two?"
  Aoko cheerfully slumped over the table, now covered with textbooks and scribbled notes.
  Soujyuro watched her with a hint of resentment in his eyes.
"We only ever see each other at dinner, and you know how that goes. Honestly, I don't know why I should bother getting along with her."
"Really? And here's me thinking you'd have lots of motivation to play nice.
  It's not like you're scared of her, for one. Plus, she's looking for any reason to kick you out.
  Sounds like a great reason to make nice, if you ask me."
"...Are you sure about that?
  Because to me, it feels a lot like me and you before everything at the amusement park. How is that a 'good' reason?"
"My point is, there's no hostility between you, right?
  It's a one-sided relationship, but that's not actually bad considering this is Alice we're talking about. You have a chance as long as she hasn't found a reason to off you.
  She's usually quick to respond to hostility, and it's her enemies that usually end up destroying themselves."
"?"
  Her ominous words only confused Soujyuro further.
"Once you understand that, it's actually pretty simple.
  Except..."
  Whether or not he could put it into practice was another story altogether.
"Sounds like a difficult situation, then, Aozaki."
  He carried their tea cups back to the table as he spoke.
Aoko picked hers up and took a sip as if to dispel her exhaustion.
"But, I think you're right.
  I still don't know her at all. The problem is, my knowledge of Alice Kuonji ends with her name."
  He followed Aoko's lead and took a sip of his own.
His cup contained not tea but plain hot water.
"Hm. Well, would you like me to tell you a bit about her?"
  Aoko scrutinized him carefully as she sat.
  Most boys would have been captivated by her gaze in that moment...
"No. I think I should ask her myself."
  ...but he ignored her and stared straight ahead as if speaking directly to Alice herself.
"...Fine.
You really want to do this her way, don't you?
  Speaking of which, what exactly did you say to her in the guest room? I know she and I have an agreement, but I've never known her to just ignore a visitor for half a day."
  He thought back to that moment.
  He could recall only two or three words he had exchanged with Alice after awakening in the guest room.
  He did not recall the conversation being anything special, but he could not bring himself to casually share it with Aoko now.
  After all...
"Hey, what did you say that had such an effect on her?"
  Aoko eagerly pressed him for answers.
"..."
  Soujyuro frowned, unsure of what to say.
  He did not know what the interaction had been like for Alice, but for him it had felt special, sacred almost.
  The question was, why-and for whom-was he so concerned?
"Come on, just tell me.
  I can tell you're just dying to let it out."
  Her disconcerting smile moved even closer.
"..."
  Soujyuro did not look like he was able to stay silent much longer.
  As he would eventually come to realize, Aoko Aozaki had a sometimes troubling propensity to gossip.
"...Well, I can't tell you what we talked about.
  But I will say that she wasn't as flirtatious as the way you are right now.
After how strict you were earlier I didn't realize you had such a friendly side."
  He stared directly into her eyes as he spoke.
  Aoko nearly leapt out of her seat in panic.
  Now that he pointed it out, she realized their bodies were practically touching.
"S-So you noticed, huh? I was just u-using the most effective way to break you, of course!
  And besides, the moment you leave my side, all hell seems to break loose."
  Aoko stood up as she lashed back at him.
"You got me there. I haven't felt so focused in years.
  Too bad this was just 'an exception among exceptions.'"
"...Well look at you, Soujyuro. Before you know it, you'll be acing your exams and your relationship with Alice."
"I will, Aozaki. Don't you worry."
  His cool response caught her off guard, and for a moment she was at a loss for words.
  She meant it sarcastically, and yet he responded with a warm smile.
"I'm gonna change my strategy. The first step: engage her directly.
  You can't stay mad forever, as they say."
  Aoko remained in a state of silent shock as he spoke and rose to his feet.
  She could not help but feel a reluctant respect for what seemed to be his newfound confidence and competence.
"I'll go home by myself today and speak to Alice.
  You have a student council meeting after class, right?"
  He was right. It was their last meeting before winter break.
  Normally he would have waited until the meeting ended, or else gone straight to his part-time job.
  This was part of Aoko's plan to make sure he and Alice were never alone in the mansion together.
"...Hold it. You mean you're planning to face Alice by yourself?"
"You make it sound like we're gonna get into a fight. I wouldn't stand a chance, you know that."
  His reply made complete sense, which floored her.
"Even I can see that things only get more messy when you're around, Aozaki. That's why I'd appreciate it if you take your time with Tobimaru today."
"...Are you serious?"
  He felt like he was being tested but nodded nonchalantly nonetheless.
  Knowing how grave the situation really was,
  Aoko was not sure how to respond to his apparent lack of concern.
  The morning light coming through the window marked a stark contrast between the two.
  Which stood bathed in light?
  Which lurked in darkness? That went without saying.
  The silence lasted for only a brief moment.
  Staring at him gravely, she said,
"Fine. Then I won't stop you."
  That was all she had.
  Her dry tone hid the significance of their pregnant silence, not revealing the slightest sign of discord.
"Are you sure you're not angry, Aozaki?"
"Yes, I'm sure. But do you have some kind of plan? You need a good plan of attack with her, you know."
  Soujyuro furrowed his brow in deep thought.
  He knew it would be hard to get close to her through talk alone. In fact, it felt nearly impossible.
"Gifts work where words fail."
  Kinomi had been the voice of wisdom (and folly) for him countless times in the past.
  Incidentally, Kinomi had been referring to Aoko at the time he shared that pearl of wisdom,
but Soujyuro had had the distinct impression that trying to buy Aozaki's kindness with gifts would not end well.
"Hm. I don't know what kind of stuff Alice is in to.
  We probably have almost nothing in common."
  Soujyuro crossed his arms at a loss.
"In other words, you haven't got any plan, as usual."
"Right. But I don't want to overthink this too much, either.
  It's not like I'm going to explain things to her and then she'll suddenly understand. I mean..."
  He pondered intently as he tried to put his vague thoughts into something concrete.
  But he did not spend much time in thought.
  With a nod he concluded,
"What's more important is whether I like her or not, right?"
  He articulated that which is often so hard to say, with surprising clarity and calm.
  It was certainly a prerequisite for the task he hoped to achieve.
  He had no hope of making her appreciate him with words,
  or with acts of giving with the expectation of reciprocation.
  He simply wished to get to know her better because he liked her.
  That was his honest, uncontrived intention, and it reflected the purity of his heart.
  But whether that was in his best interest or not was another story altogether.
  Calculation and compromise, selfishness and conflict.
  Purity such as his often irritated people who believed that morals went against human nature.
  Or rather...
People who were inevitably forced to believe it.
"..."
  Aoko silently walked away without responding to what Soujyuro said.
  Her long hair swung from side to side as she passed him.
"Aozaki?"
  Noting her strangely cold manner, he called out to her.
  However, she was already opening the door to leave.
"I'm going to take a shower downstairs.
  You can go back to your room."
  Her words lacked any expressive inflection.
  In his confusion, all Soujyuro could do was nod.
"Okay... But are you sure you're not mad?"
  Emotion returned to her face as he spoke.
  Yet it was not the typical irritated look to which he had grown so accustomed.
"I guess I might be what someone like you would call mad.
  I'd rather not discuss the reason why, though."
"..."
  Poor Soujyuro did not even realize that he himself was the reason.
  She looked at him, and for an instant he witnessed an emotion on her face of which he had never seen the likes of before.
"See you. This might be the last time we meet, so I should say goodbye.
  You take Alice far too lightly, you know.
  For you that's a strength, but for us, it's pure poison."
  The door slammed loudly shut behind her.
  Her steps were audible as she walked away on the other side of the wall.
  The corridor must have been nearly freezing without any central heating, but Aoko seemed perfectly comfortable.
"Wait, why am I leaving first?
  This is all backward! It's my room, you go first!"
  Aoko promptly kicked Soujyuro out of her room.
  Once again the wooden door closed with a slam.
  The corridor was not as cold as he had expected.
  Not quite as bad as a freezer, at least.
  The second day of exams ended and Soujyuro was on his way back to the mansion.
  The road grew steeper and the woods thicker as he made his way up the familiar slope.
  People in town called it not a hill but a mountain, simply because it took over twenty minutes to climb.
  This did not sit well with Soujyuro, for whom a mountain was something that could not be overcome so easily.
  The road was paved, for one thing,
  and the canopy overhead let in plenty of sunlight to guide the way.
  None of the inclines were especially steep, and no animals lurked in the underbrush.
  There was no chance of losing his way, no reason to worry about getting lost.
"...How sad. I'm still complaining."
  Soujyuro quietly reprimanded himself for getting so wrapped up in his own little world.
  In the past few weeks since moving here he had been constantly comparing the town with his former mountain home.
  Normally he would not get upset over it,
  but in recent days--since meeting Aoko, as it happened--he had become rather hung up on the differences.
  The reasons for this eluded him, but he knew that Aoko was a force that could not be stopped.
  This naturally made him want to quicken his own pace.
  The mansion where they both lived was the antipathy of her lively personality.
  It stood out like a sore thumb, even in a town like Misaki.
  Some people said it was haunted.
  There were no ghosts, per se, but it was inhabited by magicians, so their claims were closer to the truth than they could have possibly known.
"Speaking of which, I wonder. Between ghosts and magicians, which would be more surprising?"
  Lost in contemplation as he was, the boy failed to notice how his own lack of familiarity with city life played into the equation.
  In any case, none of his pondering changed what needed to be done.
  Tomorrow was the last day of exams.
  That meant he only had a little longer until Aoko stopped taking responsibility for his safety.
  If possible, today was going to be the day when the mansion's owner accepted his continued residence there.
  Soujyuro slipped between the trees encircling the mansion and walked down the naturally tree-lined avenue that led him to the front door.
"...Here goes."
  Taking a deep breath he stepped across the threshold.
  The drawing room was where he expected to find Alice.
  However...
  He found himself face to face with a most unexpected scene.
  A few steps in, he arrived at the large foyer extending from the mansion's entrance.
  But one thing was clearly out of place.
  The foyer of the mansion was like a hall in a medieval castle.
  It was illuminated by the cold winter sun casting down through the skylight, unaided by artificial light.
  The wooden tiles smelled of the outdoors.
  And there was Alice, dressed all in black, huddled against a column so enormous it resembled a sharply cornered tree trunk.
  The mansion was quite literally supporting her frail body.
  Like a mother's lullaby, or a gently rocking cradle.
  The heavy atmosphere within this old building suppressed even the slightest stir, almost as if warding away any disturbance to her slumber.
  There she slept in the shadows of home.
  Hidden away from outsiders, her sleeping figure was enough to mesmerize anyone who laid eyes upon her.
"..."
  Soujyuro instinctively looked up at the ceiling out of sheer awkwardness.
  He wanted to surprise her, but not in this way.
  Her slender frame lay asleep by the fireplace.
  The scene was as beautiful as a painting, yet hard on his heart at the same time.
  Her slumber seemed...breathless.
  She was too still, with not even a hint of movement.
  And yet, slumped against that frigid column under the cold winter sky, happiness appeared to be her blanket.
  A passerby would not be blamed for thinking she was in that most peaceful state of eternal slumber: death.
"She must be pretty cold."
  Soujyuro spoke to himself as he gazed idly upon her.
  Bringing her a blanket or something warm did not so much as cross the boy's mind.
  Instead, odd as it sounds, the first thing he thought to do was to go prepare some tea.
  He made sure to be as quiet as possible as he opened the drawing room door.
  On the table, waiting for him, were three pills.
  They were the medicine Aoko required him to take every day when he arrived home.
  Gulping down the vaguely sweet pills and continuing on to the kitchen, he selected a box of tea from among the many in the cabinet and brewed enough for two people.
  Alice was still asleep when he returned to the foyer.
  Careful not to make any noise, he crouched close to the ground.
  He was startled by how cold the floor felt through his pants.
  He thought it would be warmer here by the fireplace, but then again he recalled how Aoko had referred to it as "a useless hole in the wall."
  What was likely the case was that neither she nor Alice knew how to use it properly.
  After taking the teacups from the tray and placing one in front of each of them, Soujyuro carefully pulled his textbook on classical literature from his satchel.
"I better get to work or Aozaki will get mad at me again."
  He could still see her angry face from this morning.
  The reason for her anger was still as much a mystery as the unusual look he saw briefly come across her face.
  In any case, one thing was certain-he needed to start studying for tomorrow.
  Thanks to Aoko's instruction, today's exams went well enough, but tomorrow's would be an even more formidable challenge.
  After how angry she was this morning, he could not expect her to help him again tonight.
"Which means I'll probably do poorly, and then she'll get mad at me again. Not that my grades have anything to do with her in the first place."
  He complained under his breath as he cracked open his textbook.
  Apparently, he intended to spend his time in this fashion until Alice finally awoke.
  The sound of the pages turning was the only audible noise in the grand hall.
  There was no ticking of clocks, or rustling of leaves to disturb her sleep.
  After a few hours Soujyuro quietly rose to his feet.
  The light that filled the foyer was beginning to turn from white to red.
"Time to go to work."
  He glanced again at Alice as he stretched his stiff back.
  She slept in perfect stillness just as she had this entire time.
"..."
  Soujyuro arched his brow in speculation.
  He had no idea what her normal sleeping schedule was like, so he had no idea as to whether he should wake her.
"...Never mind. Aozaki will be home soon anyway. She'll be fine."
  As if reaching the end of a long train of thought, Soujyuro gave a quick nod of his head and took his leave of the mansion.
  Today, work was a shift at the Chinese restaurant in Misaki's shopping district, The Mad Bear.
  Their uniforms had been made by someone with an obvious preference for garish colors.
  The orange apron was emblazoned with a cartoonish polar bear slashing a wok in two with its powerful claws.
  The design resembled warning signs about wild animals seen in the mountains and stood out in Misaki for its one-of-a-kind originality.
  This was the Chinese restaurant The Mad Bear.
  Aside from its name and logo, the restaurant was the type of cheap, hole-in-the-wall dive that could be found anywhere.
  It faced competition from the ever-increasing number of chain restaurants, though it had managed to last longer than other dining spots, having received rave reviews on a regular basis.
  The Mad Bear prioritized the personal touch, focusing on its local clientèle, and thus made a point to offer home delivery.
  It had earned the affectionate moniker QKS, the Quick Killer Stop.
  Making these deliveries was Soujyuro's responsibility for the time being.
  Places in Misaki within cycling distance fell under his domain. Anything beyond that was handled by a more experienced staff member on the legendary 50cc King Salmon motorbike, but anyway...
"You'll never guess what a buddy in Yashirogi told me..."
  When delivery workers were not out on deliveries they spent their shift busing tables or washing dishes.
  The dinner rush was yet to come, and Soujyuro and his fellow delivery boys were shooting the breeze while washing dishes in the back.
"Yo, Sizuki!"
"I'm listening, Kinomi, I'm listening."
  The two were elbow deep in a giant sink as they enthusiastically scrubbed. At least, that was what they pretended to do while they gossiped.
"He said it's not just that Japanese place, you know, Keniya? He heard Imperial Metropolis and Messiaen here in Misaki got orders, too!
  I mean, if you want that much meat just go to Shitaichi! Man! Who the heck orders raw meat and an entire salmon?
  I tell ya, there's some weird shit going on at that place, for real. Maybe they have a pet alligator or something!"
"I've definitely never heard of an order like that before. What's an 'alligator'?"
"An alligator's an alligator, dude. You've really never seen one? I mean, I've never actually seen one in real life, either, but even I know what an alligator is.
  You know what? I'll lend you my tape of 'The World's Most Terrifying Animals' episode on Africa."
  This was a familiar pattern of conversation between the two, especially now Kinomi was used to Soujyuro's lack of general knowledge.
  Their banter was interrupted by the delivery phone. The manager snapped up the receiver and quickly jotted down the order and address.
  Once he hung up, everyone in the kitchen did their best to avoid making eye contact with him.
  Nobody wanted to go rushing out for a delivery on such a cold day.
"Sizuki. This one's a little far away, but I want you to handle it."
  The manager singled Soujyuro out for the task, seemingly unfazed by his staff's laziness.
"Here's the order, and it's an unusual one, so keep it to yourself, okay?"
  The manager tore the sheet with the order and address written on it from his memo pad.
  Soujyuro took one look at it before a grimace quietly spread across his face.
"Uh, boss?"
"Yeah?"
  The manager stared right back at him as if he could tell what it was he wanted to say.
"Look, I know what you're thinking. But I've been in this business a long time, and this is far from the strangest thing I've seen. It's no big deal.
  Now help me get the stuff from cold storage."
  Soujyuro stared in admiration as the manager, dressed in black, marched out of the kitchen in his all-business way.
  Nowhere was free from the odd occurrence now and then.
"You're late!"
  It was after ten at night.
  Soujyuro had taken a small detour on his way home from work, and now faced an outraged Aoko, as expected.
  Seeing her so visibly irritated made him feel a rush of relief.
  He did not know why she was angry, but he could tell it was a different type of anger than what he saw earlier that morning.
"Really? But it's only a little after ten.
  Did something happen, Aozaki?"
  He set down the cardboard box he had been carrying in his arms and glanced toward the fireplace.
  The sleeping girl was there no more.
"It's not 'only a little after' ten... You arrived after curfew!
  You've got no clue why I'm angry, do you?"
"?"
"Just come with me to the drawing room."
  She walked briskly to the other room without pausing, leaving Soujyuro standing in confusion, head tilted to one side.
  He proceeded to pick his box back up and follow after her eagerly.
  He removed his coat and hung it on a hanger as he entered the living room.
  Apparently today was one of those days where Alice kept herself locked away in her room.
  On the table were the familiar pills.
"It's partly my fault for not being more clear about this, but you need to come home on time. Your curfew exists for a reason."
  Aoko handed him the pills and a glass of water with an expectant look on her face.
"But I already took the pills before I went out.
  And I feel fine, anyway. I don't think I need any more pills today."
"Excuse me? You think this has anything to do with how you feel?"
"Let's get real. These pills that you take every day when you come home... They're poison.
  Slow-acting poison, mind, and they take half a day to kick in. If you don't take more pills before that happens, the older poison will kill you.
  This is how much rope Alice is willing to give you."
"Get it? So drink up.
  I'm enjoying this just about as much as you are.
  And until I think of a way around this, you're going to have to deal with it."
"...Maybe I misheard you for a second. Did you say that these pills I've been taking this whole time are actually bad for me?"
  Soujyuro took the pills from her and gulped it down.
  The fact that it was poison gave him no pause at all.
  And as for his roommates' tyrannical behavior, he showed no signs of standing up to it.
"Using poison to cancel poison... You two are really taking the old-fashioned approach, huh?"
  Soujyuro's face relaxed into a smile upon finding the funny side of the situation.
  Aoko was utterly dumbfounded as to how he could be happy at a time like this.
"I was running late on the way home because I dropped by my old apartment to get all my stuff. You could've tried calling me if it was such a big deal, you know."
"Your stuff? Wait...is that everything?"
  Soujyuro nodded emphatically as she pointed incredulously at the cardboard box in his hands.
"It's stupid to pay rent when I don't even live there, so I thought I should move everything out. But I arranged it so I can go back any time within the next three months."
"Rent...?
  Oh, right.
 How could I forget? I'm sure Alice will be thrilled to hear about this."
  A smile blossomed across her face, as they say.
  It was the open, bold-faced look of a child who just came up with a mischievous plan.
  Soujyuro shook with fear at the thought of what that smile might bring his way.
"You sure don't have much. That one cardboard box contains all your worldly possessions?"
"This is a lot to me. Is Alice upstairs?"
"She just went to her room, although she stayed at the dinner table longer than usual. I guess she got tired of waiting."
  She gave Soujyuro a meaningful look while continuing to smile that sinister smile.
"She got tired of waiting? For what?"
"I imagine she wanted to punish whoever decided to use the last of her Fauchon and Blue Calico."
"Why do I know that name...? I think 'Fauchon' is that brand of tea I used."
"It sure is. To be honest even I was shocked when I first walked in. I know how she falls asleep all over the mansion, but I've never seen her prepare tea first.
  I woke her up to see if she was okay, and she was just as surprised as I was. We couldn't imagine who would do such a thing."
  Soujyuro clapped his hands together as if remembering something important.
  He had forgotten to clean up the tea before leaving.
  The regret written from forehead to chin delighted Aoko immensely.
"I see... How mad was she?"
"Pretty mad. Robin was all aflutter about it, too."
"Well I'm mad at myself, too, if that helps. I can't believe I forget to take them back to the kitchen."
  Soujyuro harshly scolded himself for his failure.
"No dummy! She's mad at you because you sat and watched her sleep!"
"Oh... I didn't think she would mind all that much."
"Well WE do mind when you watch us sleep, just so you know!"
  Aoko's glare was enough to make glass shatter.
  There was an indescribable intensity in the way she said that.
"You mean it's a personal pet peeve for you and Alice?"
"No, it's common sense! If you go around assuming that other people feel the same way as you, you're asking for trouble."
"Huh. But isn't it kind of her fault for falling asleep in the foyer in the first place? It would be stranger if I saw her like that and didn't want to look out for her."
"Look, I appreciate that's what you thought, but you just have to understand that that's how the lady of the house is.
  While you live here, responsibility for any and all mistakes or bad judgment on your part will be laid at your feet and your feet alone.
  Do you get what I'm trying to say here?"
  Aoko's question sent Soujyuro into a trance of deep thought until finally he uttered,
"So in other words, I'm in Alice's kingdom now?"
"Yes, congratulations. Although technically this kingdom belongs to both me and her.
  Which means what we say goes."
  She smiled as she spoke and plopped herself down on the sofa.
  Soujyuro remained standing behind the sofa opposite her as he ran over their conversation again and again in his head.
  The notion of this being their kingdom made him realize he actually had no idea where the girls had come from or their families' background.
"Where are your parents, Aozaki?"
  He inadvertently blurted out, this being the question foremost on his mind.
"They're alive and well. They own a place in Toukawa, four stops from Misaki. I learned everything I know from my grandfather, who's retired now and lives with them."
"Huh. Sounds like a pretty normal family."
  Soujyuro had imagined something more outrageous for a family of magicians.
"Sure, as far as my parents go. My father sucked as a mage. My grandfather says it skipped a generation so I get double the power, but I'm not so sure about that.
  I think Alice has more the type of family you're imagining. She's from England, you know."
  Aoko offered nothing more, as if to suggest that was as far as she was willing to reveal for now.
  Soujyuro had insisted on talking to Alice directly rather than hearing things secondhand, so chose not to go back on his word by pushing the topic further.
"Ask her if you want to know more. Now you know why she loves English blends of tea so much.
  ...Speaking of which, why did you use tea leaves today of all days? You should've stuck to the tea bags."
"But you said the leaves taste better.
  And also that Alice is picky about her tea."
  Aoko was momentarily at a loss for words.
  He seemed so oblivious most of the time, but apparently he was attentive to some details, at least selectively.
"Just forget it. Anyway, think you can make it home by yourself tomorrow?
  They accepted my proposal for a mochi-making festival in the new year, so I'll be pretty busy with that."
  Soujyuro nodded in acceptance.
  In fact he had already been planning to do so before she even asked.
"I'll be fine, but what about you? You haven't even slept since yesterday."
"Oh, I took a quick three-hour nap earlier. I'll be fine.
  What about you for that matter? I hope you didn't forget about our session tonight."
  She meant the all-night cramming session, of course.
  Needless to say, Soujyuro was more than likely to struggle given that he, too, had not slept a wink.
  All he could do was give a relieved smile.
  He thought back to the days just after he transferred here, when she watched his every move from the sidelines and showed a startling amount of concern for him.
"I didn't forget. And besides, it's tougher on you than me, Aozaki.
  I'm still glad to be your exception among exceptions."
  His cheery response grated on her just a little.
"Wow. You manage to forget everything except the most irritating little details, don't you?"
  She heaved her shoulders in exasperation and dropped her head as an excuse to look away from the beaming smile on his face.
  The following day...
  The last day of finals had ended without a hitch.
  That final December hurdle was finally a thing of the past.
  For all but one student, that is.
  To Soujyuro, the greatest challenge was yet to come.
  He bid farewell to his classmates, all jittery with excitement for the last day of term, and headed into the Shiroinuzuka woods.
  The road home was no different than yesterday,
  like he was reliving yet another day striding up that hill.
  Yet today, there was a fierce determination in his steps.
  Today was his last chance, and he wanted nothing more than to talk to the girl.
  He did not care if she was cruel to him or ignored him, nor whether Aoko was being truthful when she said that she could trap him in a mirror land or something like that. All he really cared about was having the chance to speak with her face-to-face.
  But nothing is ever that simple.
  To tell the truth, what he found upon finally entering the mansion was not wholly unexpected.
"...She sure sleeps a lot."
  The déjà vu he was experiencing made him dizzy.
  Faced with an exact reenactment of the previous day, he could not help but blurt out what he was thinking.
  Alice was sleeping by the fireplace, just as she had done yesterday.
  The way her legs draped to one side resembled those of a princess in a children's book.
  She looked more comfortable than she had the day before.
  Miraculously, he had a rare flash of insight that enabled him to read the situation more clearly.
(...What could Tobimaru be doing at school on his own?)
  Upon glancing back at the entrance, he made his decision, took a deep breath, and rolled up his sleeves.
  If today was a reenactment of yesterday, then he supposed he would play along with that idea.
  Soujyuro removed his shoes and headed for the kitchen.
  He was off to prepare another ill-fated pot of tea.
  Since she was angry about him using her precious Fauchon, this time he turned to Jacksons' Fruit & Herb brew.
  ...Sadly, this was about as much as Soujyuro could manage to amend his behavior.
  He had failed to realize that it was not the brand of tea that had landed him in hot water, but rather his incorrect brewing method.
  After filling the pot with tea, he carried it back to the foyer.
  His breath was visible in the cold air as he sat himself down by the fireplace.
  Soujyuro took a sip of the fruity tea he prepared for himself and pulled his textbook from his bag.
  Exams were over now, but he had been instructed to take extra classes for the subjects from day one of school. Quite inevitable.
  The foyer was warmer than outside but still far from comfortable. It was enough to make anyone yearn for some source of warmth.
  Soujyuro dove into his electronics textbook in the winter-chilled hall.
  The class was not very popular, which is why it had been recommended to him in the first place. That fact that everyone who took it started on equal footing made it more appealing to him than other classes.
(Aozaki was right...)
  He downed the rest of the tea, having no appreciation for its flavor, and refilled his cup.
  The tea was still warm, since the ceramic teapot had excellent heat retention.
(I can't seem to remember anything that's written down.)
  He vaguely recalled their conversation as his eyes advanced across the page.
  The lack of lighting in the foyer was forcing him to rely on illumination from the skylight.
  The light cut into the room at a diagonal angle in such a way as to divide the foyer into light and dark areas, with the fireplace in shadow.
  The room resembled ancient ruins covered in ash.
  Or perhaps the quiet, forgotten world of a faded fairy tale.
  Time slipped on by within the white walls of this room, hidden away from the sun.
"..."
  The minutes passed slowly for some time. Until...
  The sound of a textbook slamming shut brought the room back to reality.
  Soujyuro stretched his stiff back and eagerly got started on clearing up.
  He put his textbook back in his bag,
placed his cup on the tray,
leaving Alice's sitting in front of her on the floor.
"Well, time to go to work,"
  he said unceremoniously.
  He spoke as if to convince himself that he had no other choice as he prepared to leave the sleepy foyer behind.
  But before he could...
  A sound behind him stopped him in his tracks.
  He turned around with his bag under his arm and tray in his hands.
  So as not to cause even a ripple in her teacup, he greeted her,
"Hey,"
  in a light, easygoing manner.
  She remained seated next to the fireplace like a black-eyed sleeping beauty.
  Her face was as still as a statue, almost no different than it had been in slumber.
  Looking at Alice now, he realized just how different she and Aoko really were.
  Aoko communicated her feelings openly, even if he never could quite tell where they came from.
  Her trademark expression of irritation would keep him guessing as to the reason she was angry, but to her credit her emotional state was always clear.
  Alice, on the other hand, was completely unreadable.
  She might be angry, or then again sad; he could not tell either way.
"What do you think you're doing?"
  Her question gave him a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach.
  He could not decide whether it was animosity or perplexity that he heard in her voice.
  If the former, this was likely to turn into a replay of their interaction from the other night.
  An image of the shattered bottle sprang to his mind.
  Soujyuro knew his response would be extremely important,
  and after struggling for a few moments he finally worked up the courage to say something.
  Just not the correct thing, unfortunately.
"Right, about that... It'll take awhile to explain, so let me just have a seat first."
  He had no idea what the correct approach would be, so he simply did whatever came into his mind instead.
"..."
  She gave him no response.
  Her face said that she detested his presence, but he plowed ahead regardless.
  Soujyuro took a seat and set down the tray once more. Their eyes met.
  Her inscrutable gaze was enough to turn most people away.
  But, the target of her animosity appeared not to notice it at all.
"Yes...?"
"Ah, well, I guess I should have done this a long time ago, but I've been wanting to talk to you about something, Alice."
  Despite having suggested that it would take time to explain, he managed to sum things up succinctly.
"Me? Not Aoko?"
"Hm? Well, I have lots to talk to Aozaki about. In fact, I think all three of us should sit down at some point..."
  Alice found herself out of kilter, unable to read his true intentions.
  Soujyuro continued on, failing to notice her bewilderment.
"Aozaki said you two rarely speak to each other. I'd feel bad if that's because of me, but I'd feel even worse if it isn't.
  It's sad that we live together but never talk."
  Each word he spoke was heavy with emotion.
  Alice remained utterly unable to discern this boy's intentions.
  All she could parse was that there was something he wanted from her.
  ...But what could that be?
  What she found even stranger was that he was not speaking to her from a place of fear.
"Aren't you afraid of me?"
"No. I don't know enough about you to be scared of you, to tell the truth."
  Her gleaming eyes looked like they were made of polished quartz.
  His response had not been what she expected.
  He spoke with pure honesty and unfettered truth.
  Such boldness, however, did not actually upset her.
  Their conversation ground to a halt,
  if you could even call it a conversation in the first place.
  Alice grew tense, as if displeased by the strangely comfortable moment of silence between them.
  Soujyuro endured her cold stare, showing no sign of flinching.
"...Talk."
"Hm?"
"You said you wanted to talk to me.
  So... be my guest. Whatever topic you like."
  It was more a challenge than an invitation.
  He had neither a topic on hand, nor were they intimate enough to strike up a casual conversation.
  Nonetheless, her challenge hanged in the air, waiting for a response.
"Well, what about that bird? The blue one over there.
  I see it around now and then. Is it your pet?
  Or is it one of those, what are they called... 'Ploys'? A magical familiar?"
"..."
  Her eyes let slip for a moment a very natural response.
  It was annoyance, such as that which one might feel toward a troublemaker.
"Yes, it's a Ploy, but the stupid bird isn't mine. It's lived here longer than I have, and I'm afraid I don't know much about it."
"You mean... it just decided to live here of its own free will?"
"Of course not. I would never allow such a thing.
  Robin's useless, but I inherited it from my mother. As such, I permit it to continue living here, despite its constant failures and shortcomings."
"I see. That's a relief. Here I was thinking I'm the only useless one in the house."
"..."
  She turned away in silence to avoid looking at his hapless grin.
  Thus began Soujyuro's very lengthy monologue.
  It started with his part-time job, then moved on to the school. Next came the amusement park and random gossip around town, and last the subject of rent.
  He spent all of twenty minutes on mindless small talk.
  Then he ran out of things to say and finally stopped.
"Sorry. I'm on the clock soon, so I should get going."
  And that was that.
  After finally getting his long-awaited chance to talk to her, he realized he had no exit plan in place.
  So he returned the tray to the kitchen, placed his bag in the foyer, and headed for the door.
  She had never seen the boy so candid.
  Which was why, overcome with surprise, she found herself calling out to him.
"...Wait."
  She had no reason to do so, and yet she called out anyway.
"Hm? Yes?"
"...It's just...
  I saw the pot you used today."
"Oh, right. I wasn't going to make the same mistake as yesterday. But I guess I'm the only one who drank any today, so..."
"Well, that pot is normally used for coffee, so you shouldn't put tea leaves in it."
  Soujyuro's eyes grew wide with shock.
  Now he remembered that there had been all sorts of cups and teapots in the cupboard. Each one specially designed for a different type of tea!
"Who knew there was so much to brewing tea?
  I guess a beginner like me shouldn't mess with things he doesn't understand, huh?"
  She let out a vexed sigh.
"Why didn't you wake me?"
  Either she had not heard what he said, or she had been waiting this whole time for a chance to ask him that.
  In any case, her question abruptly interrupted his stream of thought.
  He fell silent with introspection.
  The thought of waking her had not so much as crossed his mind either that day or the previous one.
"...Tell me.
You didn't wake me. Did you expect me to just keep sleeping?"
  Her eyes were filled with animosity.
  Lies were useless against such an all-piercing gaze.
  The setting sun transformed the foyer into a battle of life and death.
  Lies or deceptive answers would not be permitted.
  Amidst the palpable tension that filled the room, where any move, wrong or otherwise, was likely to get him killed, he felt pain rather than fear.
  Alice's voice was icy cold, preemptively rejecting any response he was to give.
  The boy vaguely imagined a newborn chick that had fallen from the nest, struggling to survive on its own.
  It gasped, hanging on to a thread of hope, yet detesting where that thread hung.
"Do you really want to know?"
  Alice nodded sharply.
"Fine, but it's not especially meaningful or anything.
  I just think it's rude to wake someone who's asleep."
"...I have no time for jokes."
"That is the truth. I just thought I should let you sleep. I really wanted to talk, but I decided to wait till the next time we saw each other."
"How sweet of you. That reminds me, Aoko's protection over you ends today, doesn't it?
  That makes this your last chance to win me over.
  So, have you, or have you not, learned your lesson, hmm?"
  He had not.
  He swore to her, agreed to her terms, and gone as far as to sit face to face with her to get to know her. Surely, he thought, this was enough to escape death.
  And she believed, as a mage, that his naive goodwill and simplemindedness were all the reasons she needed to execute him.
  Trivial misunderstandings would only make things worse at this point.
"What lesson? What am I supposed to have learned? All this magic and magecraft stuff is way over my head.
  All I know is I've done everything you and Aozaki have asked of me."
"Then why...?"
  Her gaze said what she really wanted to ask. She wanted to know why he did not beg for his life.
  She knew the answer.
  She saw the look on his face when he turned to leave without so much as trying to wake her.
  A look of resignation.
  What on earth had it meant?
"What do you expect me to say?
  I thought if the opportunity didn't present itself, then so be it.
  When I saw you sleeping again I didn't know what to do. You're not exactly the easiest people to approach, you and Aozaki, though Aozaki is a little different..."
  Soujyuro struggled to find the right words, but said what he was feeling in the moment anyway.
  He'd seen a sleeping witch of the wood who clearly needed someone's help yet sought the help of no one.
"But here you are trying to approach me anyway.
  Even though the opportunity never presented itself."
"Oh, but it did. That's why I decided to do things my way today, even if nothing could go right to begin with."
"You talk as though you always expected me to reject you."
"Err, yeah, I guess it's hard to explain."
  Soujyuro glanced at the entrance.
  He had no reason to-he just felt an urge to do so.
"I doubt I'm the only one who'd like to see this situation solved."
  He muttered as if speaking to himself, but it was clearly meant for her to hear.
  Alice knew full well how poorly he had understood the situation.
  All of this was one giant misunderstanding on his part.
  His tiny gesture of goodwill, pitiful and pure, resembled that of someone reaching out to help a dying kitten.
  For Alice, doing so would be akin to clutching the thorns of a rose.
  She felt pain in her chest for the first time in quite a while.
"I still don't want you in the mansion."
  She addressed the floor at her feet to avoid showing him how she truly felt.
  If he had, he would have seen that her face looked just the way Aoko's had earlier.
"I'm sure you don't. And I doubt that'll change anytime soon.
  But that doesn't mean we can't work something out. It's okay if you keep hating me in the meantime."
"..."
  Her gasp of breath was like a response in itself.
  To suggest she could keep hating him...
  She had once wished to hear those words so dearly, if only the once.
"I mean, you're not the only one. That goes for Aozaki, too. I don't think she wants me here, either.
  Expecting to feel welcomed would be a big mistake on my part. We're fundamentally different people, and that's never going to change.
  I just want you to tolerate me.
I know it's a lot to ask, but is there a way I could live here without bothering you too much?"
  Thinking that of course it was possible, but if it were that easy none of this would have been necessary in the first place, Alice nodded in agreement.
  There was no way he could have planned for things to work out this well.
  But his plan in fact had worked, if inadvertently, from the moment the conversation began.
"You mean, so that I can sleep undisturbed even with you sitting right next to me?"
"Sure, why not."
  Beaming, Soujyuro stood up and left the foyer.
  Alice did not stop him this time.
  He had a newfound spring in his step as he headed to work.
  But something gave him a moment's pause.
"It's not nice to spy on people."
  He complained aloud to make sure a certain someone heard him.
  No more than two minutes had passed since Soujyuro left the mansion when a long-haired figure came creeping into the foyer.
  Aoko Aozaki had been just outside the entire time, eavesdropping.
"...When did you get home?"
  With a sullen glare, Alice addressed the interloper.
  Aoko was shivering from head to toe after standing in the cold for so long.
  She deemed gloves an abomination and refused to wear them except in the most extreme cold. As a result, her slender fingers were pitifully swollen and red.
"Don't know, a while ago. Anyway, how did it go? You two were talking for so long..."
  She looked strangely elated, as she blew on her hands to warm them.
"..."
  Alice was not fooled at all by Aoko's facade, clear from the ill-tempered look she wore on her face.
"...I never expected you to be so overprotective.
  But did you do it out of stubbornness, or obligation?"
"Oh, please, I was just going with the flow.
  But seriously, how did it go? You told me you'd resort to force if he made you mad."
"..."
  Alice's mood was growing darker and darker the longer she had to look at Aoko's cheerful posturing.
  It all went back to their dinner together the previous night.
  After everything that happened in the foyer, Alice was both more suspicious of and intrigued by Soujyuro than ever before. She insisted that Aoko let him walk home alone the next day.
  She then used a concoction to fake her slumber and recreate the same scene as the previous day.
  That portion of her plan went well, but the rest had veered totally off course. It did not help to know her roommate had savored every moment of it from the other side of the wall, either.
  To make matters worse, Alice was frustrated at herself for letting such trivial matters bother her.
  She  stared at the teacup still sitting on the floor.
  Her pale finger traced its cold rim.
"It's as you said. He is harmless.
  ...For the time being."
  She forced a tone of indifference in order to hide her irritation with her apprentice.
  It was in this moment that Soujyuro's fate was decided.
"That's it? You were talking for what seemed like forever."
  Relentless, Aoko continued her line of questioning.
  Alice only stared back icily.
"Aoko, I know you were eavesdropping."
  She voiced her displeasure at Aoko's behavior in no uncertain terms.
  Suddenly the air in the foyer felt cold as ice.
  They stared at one another, each trying to guess the other's next move.
"...So you did notice. This... doesn't change anything about our deal. I hope that's clear."
  Aoko widened her stance and glared at Alice.
"I'm a reasonable person, Aoko. It's fine with me if you take thirty percent."
  Completely unperturbed by Aoko's warlike posturing, a simple look was all Alice needed to keep her roommate in check.
"Down from all of it? Hah! Not a chance."
"Fly too high and you may lose those wings, Aoko."
  Alice remained calm and dignified, not moving a muscle.
  It felt like hours passed as the two stared at each other in silence.
  Aoko was grinding her teeth in frustration.
  At this rate, their alliance would be in tatters before they even confronted their foe.
  And worst of all,
  she knew Alice had the upper hand.
"...Cheapskate."
  Aoko accepted her defeat with a "tsk."
"Fine. You get sixty, I get forty."
  It pained her to settle for less. Alice nodded in satisfaction.
"Very well. But I'm the head of the house, and you're the one who brought him here, so it's your job to collect rent."
"Fine. Ugh, this sucks. I should've gone into alchemy instead, then all my problems would be solved."
"Not really. Not even alchemists are immune to market downturns."
  Alice spoke with the confidence of someone with first-hand experience of such matters, yet Aoko only nodded absentmindedly in response.
  Their bitter fight was over how to split the take of Soujyuro's rent now that he was officially going to move in.
  Not the most becoming quarrel for a pair of mages.
  Forcing a boy to live with them and then demanding he pay rent was beyond extortion-it was truly vicious.
"Since we're even discussing this, I assume that means you've accepted his presence in the mansion?"
  Aoko was triumphantly satisfied with herself.
"The only thing I've accepted is my responsibility for not catching him with the Bounded Field in the park that night.
  I mean, it's not as if I can blame it all on you and your promise to him."
"...Oh, *that* promise."
  Aoko looked up at the ceiling as she recalled the night at the amusement park.
  Only a week at most had passed since then, but Aoko already felt that Soujyuro's fate and her own had become intrinsically linked.
  Or perhaps they had always been connected by fate since the moment they'd met.
  She could not see into the future, so there was no way to know for sure.
"Destiny and fate aside,
  he's not a bad egg. Besides being weird, I mean."
  A thought uttered to herself in self-confirmation more than to Alice.
  Alice could only look on in annoyance.
  Perhaps in an attempt to voice her displeasure at her comment.
"Do you know about his injury, Aoko?"
"Injury? What injury?"
  Alice raised her slender fingers to her mouth as if to push the words back in.
  She had blurted it out in the heat of the moment.
  A secret that no one else was supposed to know, but that which one couldn't keep to herself.
"?"
  Aoko tilted her head in confusion.
"...I see."
  Alice looked relieved for some reason.
  Her sudden antipathy towards Aoko had dissipated as well.
"Ignorance is bliss, I suppose."
  Said Alice, as she took a sip of her cold tea.
  She made no attempt to explain who was fortunate, or why.
  A moment later, her beautiful face contorted in revulsion.
"...Yuck."
  She abandoned the cup to the floor once more.
  Her black dress unceremoniously scrunched up as she stood.
  Just one sip of the under-brewed tea sent her fleeing to the drawing room to remove the bad taste from her mouth.
  As soon as she was gone Aoko hesitatingly took the teacup in her own hands.
  It was almost certainly better left untasted, but she could not help but wonder how Soujyuro's tea could arouse such a strong response.
  After one small sip she returned it quietly to the floor.
"Yep, he should have used the tea bags like I told him to. Dummy."
  The expression on her face was nearly identical to that of her roommate's.
  Walking around the mansion at night often led to mysterious encounters.
  Mist might suddenly fill the hallway,
  or doors might appear and disappear.
  Just when Soujyuro thought he had seen it all with pig-shaped shadows mending the carpet,
  he heard the sound of a bird's flapping coming from the sunroom.
"What's going on over there?!"
  As much as he had become accustomed to turning a blind eye to such occurrences, the sound of flapping wings in the sunroom was too much to ignore.
  And not just one bird, or even two, it sounded like dozens.
  So many birds packed in the sunroom would inevitably lead to shattered windows and broken glass.
  Soujyuro grabbed a broom and dashed toward the sound, prepared for the worst.
  Perhaps he was moved by his natural impulse to help, or desperate self-defense.
  His mind flashed to what a teacher had said at school.
"You should all make sure to keep your rooms orderly and clean. Work ethic and self-discipline will have a positive impact on your surroundings.
Think about it. Even in a nice neighborhood where there isn't much crime, it only takes one ill-kept house to send the whole block into a spiral of depravity.
  Of course, we all know a messy room won't turn you into a criminal. But I'd better not catch any of you breaking windows in the hallway or going for a joy ride on stolen motorcycles. Think of all the pain you'd be causing your poor teacher!"
  At the time, school gangs had garnered a certain reputation among the youths.
"Broken windows lead to broken hearts."
  Soujyuro appreciated the basic message of the lecture as he ruminated over it.
  The thought of broken windows had given him a sense of urgency, as if the mansion's very moral foundations were at stake.
  His roommates were harsh enough with him already; anything further would only lead to rampant rumors at school about their cruelty.
  He had to protect the honor of the student council president.
  It was also concern for his own safety that sent him rushing to the sunroom. However...
"Huh?"
  There wasn't a bird to be seen or a chirp to be heard upon his arrival.
"Oh, hey."
"..."
  Only Alice and Aoko, sipping afternoon tea at the table that overlooked the courtyard, were present.
  The dozens of birds Soujyuro had sensed with his mountain intuition were nowhere to be seen.
"Did anyone see a flock of birds?!"
"Alice?"
"Who knows. If can't see them, there must not be any birds."
"You heard her; no birds."
  It was a lie so blatant even Soujyuro could see through it.
"That can't be true."
  He knew for a fact he had heard the flapping of a flock of birds.
  Unable to accept that there really were no wild animals in the room, Soujyuro approached the windows with suspicion.
  There were no feathers or any other signs of birds having been outside, either.
"Oh right, dinner. Chicken stew, was it?"
  Of course Aoko would say something like that as she watched Soujyuro search desperately.
"Sorry, I'm working at the fish place tonight. But I've got you covered if you want sardines."
"Sardines... Sardines, huh... I don't like sardine pie...
  Not that I've ever had it."
  Aoko's stand-up routine was far ahead of its time.
  Soujyuro backed away from the window and begrudgingly left the sunroom,
  feeling Alice's all-too-familiar inscrutable gaze upon his back.
"What's up, Alice-"
  Just as he opened his mouth to ask her what she wanted...
"Ow!"
  A blue comet crashed into his head.
  It needed no explanation.
  It could only be Robin, the mysterious bird that appeared frequently in the mansion.
  Chirp, chirp, chirp! It shrilled accusingly.
  The truth was...
  The tiny aggressor that assaulted him just now was the greatest of the mansion's seven wonders.
  Soujyuro encountered all sorts of people along his route to work.
  Still new to city life, he found the crowds of people outside the station utterly fascinating. In fact, they were the highlight of his commute.
  No two people wore exactly the same clothes or walked in the same fashion.
  With so many people, you would think they would all melt into an indistinguishable huddle, but each person he saw was different and unique.
  Soujyuro was excited as a child as he looked out at the bustling, diverse streets of the city.
"...Stop it."
  Closing his eyes in shame, he sighed.
  He was upset with himself for behaving like a bumbling tourist from the countryside.
"Hey, you'll get in people's way spacing out in front of the crosswalk like that. Daydream somewhere else."
  A stern and familiar voice behind him snapped him out of his navel-gazing.
"Let me guess. On your way to The Mad Bear?
  My shift at the convenience store that starts at five. You?"
"Same. Five o'clock start. Were you on your way somewhere else?"
"I just stopped by a bookstore. I'm out of stuff to read, so I thought I'd look for something new."
"I see. I guess we both have some time to spare."
  The girl who greeted him was Kojika Kumari, a work friend who was also in the same year at Misaki High.
  Though, it would have been more accurate to say she was looking for a pretext to fight him rather than greet him.
  To Soujyuro, Kumari had been the first person in the city he could look up to.
  They'd met at his first job,
  where she insisted he wasn't cut out to work the register after many mistakes, and convinced him to quit working at convenience stores altogether.
  In the end, she introduced him to his current job at the Chinese restaurant, The Mad Bear, a much better fit for Soujyuro.
"You look a little worse for wear, Sizuki. Why the long face? I've never seen you so pouty.
  Usually, standing up straight is the one thing you're good at.
  Something on your mind? ...Wait, are you getting bullied by the older guys at The Mad Bear? You can tell me anything, you know."
  Though her tone was stern, her eyes were earnest.
  Having grown up in the city herself, she was irritated by virtually everything Soujyuro said and did.
  Nevertheless, she still treated him like an equal.
  Introducing him to his current job was just one example of her sincerity.
"No, nothing like that. It's just, something strange happened. Something really unusual..."
  Soujyuro could not find the words to explain his situation, but that did not stop him from trying.
  There were no problems at The Mad Bear to speak of.
  He liked it just as much as his other job at Uotatsu, the fishmongers in the shopping district.
  In fact, his problem had nothing to do with work at all.
  No, his problem was a certain blue bird that would not stop pecking at him recently.
"You're getting pecked? By a bird? ...Wow. And here I was thinking the world had ended.
  ...It is pretty unusual for a bird to be blue, I guess."
"And that's not the only thing unusual about it."
  He stopped, unsure of how to proceed.
  Words alone were not enough to convey the bird's plump body or the sound of its chirping.
"Hmm. There is a beautifully colored bird called the mountain bluebird, but they're not native to Japan.
  Maybe it's a blue swallow?"
"No, it's more round than a swallow. I tried to look it up in a bird book and the closest thing I found was a robin."
"Yeah, but robins aren't blue.
  ...You know those blue chicks they have at fairs in the city? Of course you don't, why would you? Just forget it.
  Anyway, this robin-is it the only one?"
"Yeah, there's only one. It doesn't seem to have a mate."
"Hmm. Well, if it's the only one of its kind, then I feel kinda sorry for it.
  Imagine being the last one of your kind since the day you're born. Talk about lonely!
  I have no idea what species it could be. Maybe you should try being nice to it next time. It might bring you something special, like when you find a ten yen coin in a vending machine!"
  Her words were perfectly kind, but he could hardly sympathize with the creature after all the painful pecking to which it had subjected him.
  He wouldn't have called the bird lonely, either.
"If one little bird is all that's bothering you, you're lucky.
  The pecking part is weird for sure, especially in a city like this, but it could be way worse. Imagine getting attacked by an army of crows that swarm around the dumpsters!"
"Right. Actually, there was something else bothering me, too."
  Her example had reminded him of the mystery of the disappearing birds at the mansion.
  A stranger than strange event.
"See that hill? I actually live on it.
  I see lots of starlings around there, but for some reason they never come down to town."
"Well, duh, you never see birds in town. But on a mountain like that there are bound to be wild animals!
  Why would you move way out there, anyway? I mean, I heard you moved out of your old apartment, but isn't it a pain getting to school? What are you doing out there in the boonies?"
"Things just worked out that way. And the commute isn't hard. If anything is painful, it's what happens inside that place."
"Huh?"
  It took thirty minutes to reach town on foot.
  The forty minutes to the nearest convenience store would be the real kicker for most people, but for Soujyuro it was no inconvenience.
  The real problem was the dark forces beyond human understanding that lurked within the grounds.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to bring all my complaints to you.
  I'm curious about how you said there aren't many birds in town, though. Why is that?"
"Simple. They failed to adapt to the environment.
  I didn't know you were so interested in birds. Are you an animal lover or something?"
"I guess I do like animals more than I dislike them."
"Really? I can't stand them. I'm surprised you didn't pick up on it sooner."
  Her statement could hardly be more self-contradictory.
  Minutes after telling him to be nice to a bird that attacked him, she was now claiming she did not even like animals.
"Well, even if you can't stand animals, I'd still like to hear what you know about birds."
"Can't take a hint, huh.
  Fine. I need to kill some time until work starts anyway.
  So, like I was saying, survival is all about being able to adapt to your environment."
"Misaki's pretty big now, but it wasn't always like this.
  Half of it used to be woodland, which was closer to the type of environment the poor things were used to living in."
  The way Kumari addressed them was of note.
  Whether she liked them or not, she seemed to at least have some respect for them.
"Nature ended up with the short straw as the city modernized. Humans always change their surroundings to suit their needs, after all.
  Diverting streams to get rid of mosquitoes, covering everything in town with concrete... It made the area unlivable for the birds.
  Without enough bugs or trees they had no choice but to flee. Chased out of their home they moved from the forest to the mountains.
  A convenient urban center for humans isn't the kind of place that can support a colony of birds."
"And that's all it took to get rid of birds in the city?
  Just like that, and we never see them again?"
"It's not *that* extreme. I mean, come on, you just said you see starlings.
  It's all relative. There are so many humans in town, the number of birds seems small in comparison. It feels special just to spot one here or there."
"That's true. So they all just left town and moved to the mountains..."
  Humans might not be able to see them in day-to-day life, but they were alive and well nonetheless.
  Their habitat and lifestyle changed with the times, but they never truly disappeared.
  Soujyuro's sense of relief was sharply disrupted by a serious look from Kumari.
"But the birds aren't safe in the mountains.
  There's still overfishing by humans and conflict between the birds and their new ecosystem. With everything going on I doubt they'll last very long. Even a century might be optimistic.
  Just look at what happened to passenger pigeons. Once humans noticed what they'd done to them, it was already too late. That's how it always is."
"...What are passenger pigeons?"
"Oh, they were large, beautiful birds, about sixteen inches from head to tail.
  The males were a deep blue, with vivid red on their breast. The cutest part was their orange eyes-like something out of a book! And they could fly up to sixty miles per hour over great distances."
  Her voice had a certain tenderness to it.
  She was daydreaming about birds she had never even seen in the flesh.
"They were a type of pigeon native to North America, so they used to fly north in spring and then back south in winter until it got warm again.
  But that was over a century ago.
  They used to be the most common higher animal on Earth.
  There were five billion of them in total-that's more passenger pigeons than humans! Pretty amazing, right?"
"Wow. I never thought about an animal being more common than humans."
"Yeah, I know. But now they're all extinct, thanks to those same humans.
  Settlers from Europe who went to the Americas in the sixteenth century mentioned flocks of passenger pigeons so vast they covered the entire sky.
  Those are the oldest written references to them that we have."
"Books are the only way to know anything about them these days.
  It's hard to imagine so many birds that they block out the sun, cover whole forests, and rain down droppings like snow. It sounds like something out of a dream, doesn't it?
  But for people back then it was more like a nightmare.
  Sure, each individual bird was beautiful, but together they amounted to a violent force of nature."
"They were downright demonic with the power to destroy forests and threaten everyone.
  Their nesting grounds were up to six miles wide, and just one colony could have fifty thousand birds in it, so you can imagine how loud it got.
  A flock of birds so big it could instantly transform the landscape and cover the whole land with its cries... I can see why the settlers were scared at first."
"Fifty thousand birds, all in one spot..."
  Soujyuro trailed off as he attempted to count the number with his digits.
  He could barely count the number of people in the crowd outside the station. This would be far beyond his capacity.
"But if there were so many of them, how could humans wipe them out?"
"Good question. No one back then thought it was possible, either.
  But it's simple when you realize that passenger pigeons were both a threat and a cheap commodity."
"All the flying was what made the meat of migratory birds so delicious to humans.
  And all you had to do was point your gun in the air. Bang! And there's dinner. What would you do in their shoes?
  This might sound heartless, but the passenger pigeons were a species that could easily be converted into cold, hard cash."
"Naturally, the hunting went on and on.
  People would pluck their feathers, stick them in a barrel with salt, and ship them out."
"It wasn't hunting after a point, just consuming a resource. It didn't feel like work or labor to the people doing it.
  In those days you could get a whole passenger pigeon for one cent. That's roughly equal to one yen.
  Can you believe it?
  The smallest denomination of currency in society was enough to purchase an entire life."
  Kumari spoke as if reciting from a textbook.
  Her voice nevertheless had a certain darkness to it-was it pity for the slain birds, or disgust for her fellow man?
  Either way, the passenger pigeons' fate was a cruel joke carried out by humanity. Typical, some might say.
  Poor Soujyuro had yet to comprehend just how typical that side of humanity was.
"And that was only the beginning. The real damage began in the nineteenth century.
  Passenger pigeon hunting became more popular than ever before.
  Remember learning about the Gold Rush, and the American Civil War? America was expanding really fast back then.
  Immigrants kept flooding in from Europe, and by 1870 there were forty million people living in America. Passenger pigeons were the perfect thing for their purses and stomachs."
"But the worst part is how scheming people were.
  They competed to find the fastest, most efficient way to catch as many passenger pigeons as possible.
  One thing they used to do is blind one pigeon and then use it as a lure for the group, sometimes catching ten thousand in a single day. Yet no one had a single qualm about what they were doing.
  Any sane person could see that the balance between breeding and hunting was clearly out of whack."
  She was doing everything she could to speak in calm, measured tones.
  Soujyuro, meanwhile, was completely enraptured by her words.
  Having been raised in the mountains it was by no means a happy story for him, but right now he was more interested in knowing why it ever happened in the first place.
"Something seems off about that. If their numbers were decreasing so fast the passenger pigeons should've tried harder to avoid humans."
"That's where they were unlucky.
  They had really low fertility rates and no means of protecting themselves. All they knew to do was live together in groups. That was their only form of self-defense."
"Passenger pigeons managed to build an empire of five billion only because they lacked natural predators. Indigenous people didn't hunt them either, apparently.
  It was the settlers who wrecked the local ecosystem.
  No one ever imagined in their wildest dreams that so many birds could just go extinct.
  The passenger pigeons couldn't have been prepared for a predator showing up centuries later out of the blue from across the ocean."
"Finally, in 1896 humans began to realize what their crazed enthusiasm had brought about.
  A quarter of a million passenger pigeons...
  That's how many they estimated were still left. But it was too late. The government tried passing laws to protect them, but human habits are hard to break."
"Or maybe hunters just thought that with two hundred and fifty thousand passenger pigeons still left,
  taking one or two thousand wouldn't be a big deal in the greater scheme of things."
"Hunters started using the latest technological breakthrough, the telegraph, to keep track of where the passenger pigeons were. Soon they had shot down two hundred thousand, and injured forty thousand more.
  That left only five thousand passenger pigeons in the world. And at that point they could no longer survive in the wild."
  Soujyuro's face sunk into a scowl.
  No longer able to survive in the wild...
  He knew all too well what that phrase meant.
  No wild animal can last long on its own.
  No animal can survive without a sufficiently large population of their fellow kind and sufficient feeding grounds to support the group.
  Strength in their massive numbers was all the passenger pigeons ever had, and so once that was gone they were as good as extinct.
"What happened to them in the end, though?"
"Eventually there were only *three* passenger pigeons left.
  Two males and one female were kept in captivity at the Cincinnati Zoo, but within the year both the males had died.
  Then only the female was left.
  At that moment when the other two died, she became the single loneliest creature on earth."
"Her name was Martha.
  The last of her species that had once soared over North America, she would never fly free again, trapped forever in her cage.
  At the age of twenty nine she finally passed.
  It happened at one o'clock on September 1st, 1914.
  The only case in all of Earth history where we know the exact moment a species went extinct."
  The story of five billion deaths had finally come to an end.
  The birds had been swallowed up by the machinations of human civilization.
  Kumari had intended to show her sympathy for the lost species, but the emotional impact had clearly been all but lost on Soujyuro.
"Huh. I tried to make it sound all poetic and tragic, but I guess I failed.
Aren't you angry, as someone raised around nature in the mountains?"
"Oh... It was definitely an amazing story.
  But it doesn't make sense. Why would humans keep passenger pigeons in captivity after working so hard to kill them?"
  Kumari stared blankly at him, eyebrows raised high.
  What he likely meant to ask was why humans would protect the last of a species
  they themselves had hunted into extinction.
  Kumari could hardly be blamed for her bewilderment.
  Having been raised in the city she failed to recognize the danger inherent in his cluelessness.
  He felt neither anger toward humans
  for their base selfishness, nor sympathy for the birds
  who remained in their natural habitat even at the cost of their lives.
  His upbringing had not provided him with the necessary sense of self-righteousness to produce feelings in either direction.
"You don't get it, do you?
  My point was that no matter how strong and beautiful animals might look, they don't stand a chance outside of their natural habitat.
  Think about it, Sizuki.
  That bird you're complaining about might be the very last of its kind."
  And with that, their idle conversation came to an end.
  It was nearly time for their shifts to begin, and Soujyuro was the first to head off.
"What was I even thinking? It's not like me to rant like that."
  Kumari remained in the park after Soujyuro left.
  Martha. The last of her species...
  She had not been referring to the blue bird when she mentioned Martha, but...
"No, stop it. Thinking something is special just because it's rare is dumb."
  She rubbed the back of her head, apparently angry at herself for getting involved in something that was none of her business.
  She and Soujyuro were not even in the same class at school; he was a total stranger as far as she was concerned.
  The more something bothered her, the more she felt compelled to investigate it. It was a personal quirk of hers and the only reason she had gotten so worked up about the passenger pigeons.
  Kumari's well-groomed brow furrowed.
  She had only spoken to Soujyuro to make sure he was doing okay at The Mad Bear. Or maybe, it was that she had been strangely drawn to him.
  The more they spoke the more she felt drawn to him.
"At first glance he looks like the last guy you would rely on, but when you get to talking to him you realize he's really got it together."
  Amidst her muttered complaints she recalled their conversation upon parting.
"So, gotten used to everything yet?"
  to which he had given a weak shake of his head.
"Not at all. There are so many things to keep track of."
  He was trying his best to keep up with the overwhelming amount of new information every day.
  However, despite his apparent naivety and frailty, he was in fact trying to learn everything he could about his new surroundings.
  But at the same, there was no reason it needed to be so overwhelming in the first place.
  It was only due to his own naively subordinate frame of mind that he felt compelled to memorize each and every detail.
"I wonder...I don't think I'm exactly being subordinate.
  The fact is I'm still just figuring out what's right and wrong."
  He awkwardly claimed.
"Right. But, maybe... Just maybe..."
  Kumari stopped herself mid-train of thought, deciding to instead wave goodbye and take her leave.
  She sighed aloud every time she replayed the scene in her head.
  Work at the convenience store started in five minutes.
  She gave herself a light slap on the face in an effort to forget their conversation.
  She reminded herself that she had neither the energy to worry about other people's problems nor the obligation to do so.
  She had her own concerns-saving up enough money for college, for example.
  Fighting against her parents' opposition every night was draining enough. There was no room for burdening herself with other students' issues.
"Right. But, maybe... Just maybe..."
  It was not like her to get so tongue-tied, she thought to herself under a strained smile.
"I should have made my point more clearly.
  I should have flat-out asked him if he cares at all about human morality."
  He really did annoy her.
  Now in a thoroughly bad mood, she left the park in a huff.
  When Soujyuro entered the drawing room after work with a gift of sardines for his roommates, he came face to face with Alice sitting on the sofa.
"Oh, err... Hi, Alice."
"..."
  The sense of familiarity to be able to say "I'm home" when entering the mansion still eluded Soujyuro.
  He headed straight to the kitchen to fill a bucket with water to keep the sardines fresh,
 but the icy stare on his back sent him anxiously to the refrigerator instead.
(Buckets are not allowed in the kitchen, remember?)
  Calmly accepting the change in plans, he shoved the sardines into the fridge and peeked back into the drawing room.
"Alice, have you seen Aozaki?"
"Well, either she's in her room or she's gone out somewhere."
  Her reply was curt.
  He nodded and got to work cleaning the kitchen.
  There was nothing in particular he wanted to say to her and also sensed that it would not be a good idea to start up a conversation needlessly.
  So he tidied up the sink area, washed the cutting board, wiped down the knives, and put away the cutlery so they could be easily found.
  Her black eyes monitored every action in his streamlined work flow,
  a rhythm that even the most seasoned housekeeper would be envious of.
  He would surely notice her gaze before too long.
  He bent over to store a large pot under the sink when it happened.
  As he began to stand back up he locked eyes with Alice, and then...
"MAYDAY! MAYDAY!
  Sling yer hook, boy!"
"Owww!"
  Before he could make another move
 he felt something slam into the back of his head―a bright shock of blue.
  He knew what it was without looking.
  It could only be the mansion's blue robin.
"Why does that thing have to start messing with me as soon as I get home?"
  Soujyuro muttered under his breath.
  It was a rare situation that made Soujyuro feel like complaining.
"Pull up a chair, boy!"
  The robin chirped in its shrill tone.
  You see...
  This little creature that loved to attack Soujyuro so, was the greatest of the mansion's many wonders.
  And with good reason.
"Are you havin' a bird bath, mate? You think you're better than me, ey? And what the bloody hell is chicken stew supposed to mean anyway? You got somefink against a Richard the Third?"
  Like so.
  Soujyuro had an inkling of what the bird was getting at.
  For someone raised in the mountains this was an utter nightmare.
  Animals were not supposed to be able to talk.
  Then again, having lived in the mountains for over a decade he did sometimes feel like he could understand what birds were trying to say. He knew it was just his imagination, but sometimes he thought they even saw him as a friend.
  That was not the case with this bird.
  Soujyuro had a realist's attitude toward wild animals as a result of being so familiar with them, in contrast to the ever mysterious humans who lived in the city.
"It's... really talking to me."
  As much as he wanted to deny the reality he was facing, he could not help but recall Kumari's story.
  She had said to try and be nice to the bird the next time he saw it.
  According to her, any rare or one-of-a-kind creature must accordingly feel very lonely.
"I said sit your pipe and drum down! You hearin' me all right, mate?
  Hang on, there's no chair in 'ere! All right, just stand. I mean, I've stood up with you enough for the both of us!
  Get it? Pretty clever, if I say so myself!"
  The bird perched itself on the telephone receiver, seemingly worn out from all the flapping.
  Soujyuro was dumbfounded.
  Listening in silence to the bird's chatter was his way of expressing his denial.
"I'm pretty old, ya know, on account of me long career as a Ploy.
I've served Miss Alice from when the Goddess Mum was around. Don't ask why I'm blue.
My best skills are playin' the detective and the victim. But my detective side always dies first so no one can ever figure out who killed me!"
"Wait, you're a Ploy? I've heard that word before. What does it mean again?"
"Say what? Is you askin' what I is?
  I don't know what to feel right now―sexy or terrified!"
  Thusly, the conversation began between the two most powerless residents of the Kuonji Estate.
  Humankind and birdkind, able to
  understand one another after all.
  Soujyuro was tired of letting the bird get to him, fully aware that ignoring it took more energy than it was worth.
  Filled with a sense of resignation, by the time he finally did make an attempt to interject, both parties' guards were firmly down.
  Soujyuro was focused on how rare the bird was,
  while Robin was focused on his showdown with his rival that was to be eliminated at all costs.
"Don't get your knickers in a twist. Let's talk about something more important, like my beloved Miss Alice! The Angel Mum herself!"
"Wait. She's an angel?"
  It was an impressive sign of progress that he did not need to ask what an "angel" was.
"Aye bruv, an angel! The way she's above the hustle and bustle of the masses, the way she doesn't give me the time of day... Absolutely angelic, I tell ya!
  She's holy and sacred she is, but she's also cruel and inhuman. Pretty fittin' for an angel, don't you think?
  Honestly, sometimes I think Goddess Mum didn't do the best job raisin' Angel Mum."
"Okay... So Alice has a mom?
  I thought maybe she didn't have any family at all."
"Oh yes, she has one all right, but it's a sob story, innit? All the birds in England cried out that day! Her mum was even more smashing than Alice. Gots photos later if you like. Fer only sixpence! How 'bout it, lad?"
"Uh, no thanks. I wouldn't want to do that without her permission."
  Soujyuro said earnestly as he tilted his head.
  The reason for his unease was also due to the fact that he had grown more interested in Alice than before.
  Despite his detached and passive attitude, he was still a young man like any other, after all.
"And right you'd be, lad.
  You know, you make sum sense for a feral human. You're right, I shouldn't go blabbin' about people's pasts.
  But maybe you'd 'ike to hear about her childhood! How 'bout it, lad? I'd love to lay bare some of her deepest, darkest secrets for ya. It'd make me feel like a heap 'o dosh!"
"Err... I just said I don't want to-"
"Lighten up, lad. I won't tell Alice about our little rabbit and pork.
Let me start with the day we first met. Despite 'er looks she didn't have so much as a single friend in the world, ya see. I was the only one that mother 'o pearl had to talk to.
  Imagine playin' that game where you bounce a ball against a wall by your lonesome. It was just like that. Fourteen years of memories with her, I have. So lemme start at the beginning..."
"I just said-"
"Here we go!
  Buckle in 'cause this is gonna get good!"
"..."
  This bird was trouble.
  The word "bird-brained" had taken on a whole new meaning to Soujyuro.
  If he were stuck here listening any longer, he had the feeling he might hear something he would not be able to unhear.
"Sorry, but I should really get going."
  With a wave of his hand he attempted to flee to the attic above the second floor.
"Now wait just one minute, boy! You're about to miss the best part! Who do you think you are, Scarlet O'Hara? You think you're the most important character in this war?!
  You're not foolin' me, that's for sure. What's a saucepan and lid like you gettin' all Angel Mum's attention? Why, you're all she looks at. I can't stand it! So you'd better tell me your secret! I'm serious, and you ne'er wanna see me get serious!"
"What?"
  Halfway up the stairs already, Soujyuro quickly retraced his steps.
"What did you just say?"
"That whenever Angel Mum has a moment to spare, she starts watchin' you like a hawk, that's what!
  And now I remember why I wanted to talk to you! I wanted to make sure you don't go gettin' any big ideas just 'cause she's looking you over with that burning look in her mince pies!
  I've already saved you more times than you know, Mr. Sono-G.
  If it wasn't for Miss Alice's orders you'd be stuck in some old mirror, you know. What's really going on? Is this that crazy rubber and glove that you humans get all Moby Dick over?"
"...You're saying she saved me? Alice? Saved me?"
"Yeah, well, she's also the one tryin' to kill you, but come off it!
  Here's what she told me. She said to save you if you ever were about to get lost in the mirror or got too close to somefin dangerous... but don't go gettin' no big 'ead, you hear me? It's not like anyone cares what happens to yo-
GYARGH!"
  It happened in a flash.
  With a swift, unhesitating strike of her hand, Alice squashed the bird right then and there as it sat on the telephone receiver stand in the foyer.
  Her pressed palm continued to pin it down.
  The bird's crushed form resembled a bright rubber ball, like what a child might play with.
"Hey! What's the big idea, Miss Alice!
  You're killin' me! I can feel all the blood in my body gushing out me beak!"
  The bird raised a mighty uproar.
"...
...Ignore everything the bird says."
  Alice returned to the drawing room, taking the bird with her.
  Her dark silhouette cloaked in shadow was the complete opposite of the gaudy little bird.
"..."
  Soujyuro folded his arms as he stood alone, no less confused than before, and whispered,
"Things get stranger by the day around here,"
  up at the night sky visible through the skylight.
  Misaki High School's winter vacation began in mid-December.
  The tranquil air of the school was a refreshing change of pace from the more competitive schools and their nationally famous sports teams and exam-oriented curriculum.
  The empty, newly constructed building evoked images of a pure white swan descending upon a still winter lake.
  The modern school building felt alive in its stillness, in spite of the absence of its lifeblood of students.
  Most students never knew what this building used to look like.
  It was just a small, rundown wooden building, a shadow of its former self.
  The former school was never torn down and now stood in lonely silence.
  It was tucked away deep in a seemingly infinite wood that stretched across the mountains.
  The sound of brooms sweeping dead leaves resonated in the air.
  The ocean of leaves had accumulated into piles as big as sand dunes; sweeping was a futile venture at this point.
  An ominous feeling lingered in the air, perhaps the result of two years of abandonment.
  Cleaning the inside of the building alone would take more than a few days to finish.
  Not to mention,
"Ugh, this SUCKS! We're students, dammit! Not machines!
  We barely get any winter break and then the student council has us out here doing this crap?"
  The misguided youth sent here for the job wasted no time making it clear he wanted no part in the beautification efforts.
"At least let us wear a jacket or something! It's freezing out here!
Is this part of gym class or something? Winter marathon training? And I'm saying this as someone who NEVER skips gym class!"
  Housuke Kinomi continued to mumble and grumble to himself as he reluctantly swept away at the ground.
  Meanwhile, Soujyuro silently and swiftly continued his sweeping, glaring at Kinomi out of the corner of his eye.
"Are you seriously trying to clean up all this for real? There's only, like, forty of us out here. There's no way we're going to get all this cleaned up, so who cares?"
"Anything can be completed with diligence, Kinomi. Stop complaining so hard."
  Kinomi went back to idly swinging his broom without even glancing over at Soujyuro.
  Mornings on the mountain were cold.
  There was no hint of sun in the cloudy sky above; ash-gray light illuminated the rear courtyard; the sharp cold of mid-winter pierced through everyone's gloves as if they did not exist.
  A day like this was best spent indoors under warm blankets, but for some reason they were out here cleaning.
  The Special Winter Cleaning Team.
  That was the name given to this elite force sent to clean up this dilapidated, overgrown mountain.
  The other students had put their faith into this team to fulfill this beautification mission, respecting them for their sacrifice.
  The reality, however, was that this was nothing more than a ragtag dare-losing gang of students needing remedial lessons before their exams.
  They were the victims of a year-long arm-twisting scheme by the student council.
  Who in their right mind would come out here to sweep up leaves with a blizzard looming on the horizon?
  Other than one of the forty assembled, none of them had any semblance of interest in the task at hand.
"Hey, Sizuki, look over there. Akabane and those guys are over there roasting sweet potatoes! What is this, the 50s or something?!
  Looks like they don't even know how to roast them properly. Oh, I know! Wanna grill some squid?"
  Kinomi did not want to be here to begin with, and was constantly trying to break Soujyuro into joining him.
  The cleaning squad was divided into groups. Soujyuro and Kinomi were in charge of cleaning behind the gymnasium.
  Soujyuro was the leader of the platoon. Kinomi was the grunt.
"Look, when we finish cleaning up around this fence you can go off and eat your sweet potato or squid or whatever it is you want because it'll be lunch time."
  Soujyuro said, as he expertly packed his swept leaves into trash bags.
  Two hours had passed since they assembled on this foggy morning at seven o'clock.
  While everyone else chatted and laughed as they worked, Soujyuro alone had worked in complete silence at the same blistering pace since he started.
  The sheer amount of work he put in was likely the only thing keeping him from complaining of the cold in his thin jersey.
"Come on, let's take a break. Look at that pond...or should I say ice skating rink? No, on second thought, it's just a pond.
  But it's frozen solid, dude! That's how cold it is out here!
  A normal human can't work in these snowy conditions unless they're some kind of robot. We're going to have to start eating each other to survive if this keeps up!"
"Why won't you just take a break for a minute?
  We got all these leaves together, why don't we burn 'em and get warmed up! Nobody's really watching, come on let's grill some squiiid! Pleeeeeease!"
  For some reason, Kinomi was droning on about his squid.
  Soujyuro had managed to withstand the barrage of complaints from his comrade, but even he was reaching his limit.
"Kinomi, please..."
  Just then, Soujyuro saw the Grim Reaper himself creeping behind Kinomi.
  In his hands he held a rake instead of a soft bamboo broom.
"Sounds good to me. I'll let a bit of grilled squid slide. Far be it for me to get between the big man and his squid. I tell you what, I'll even get you the soy sauce."
  Kinomi shot to attention at the voice behind him.
"Ahhh! Tsukiji, is that you?!"
  Before quickly turning around, swinging his broom in the process.
  Tobimaru easily blocked the swing with his rake.
"Oh, so NOW you wanna use that broom, huh? Just can't contain all that hard-working spirit, I see. Maybe I should assign you to the special Siberian trail, then!"
"Hah. All you've done is stand over by the furnace with the girls pretending like you're on a Caribbean holiday instead of out here in the freezing cold."
  Both boys glared at each other with a wry smile, broom and rake locked in an embrace.
  These two were only friendly with each other on school grounds.
"Tobimaru, please don't distract him any more than he already is."
  Both of them scoffed angrily and put away their weapons.
  They both knew better than to argue with Soujyuro, the only one cleaning with a garbage bag in hand.
"Something we can help you with, Tobimaru?
  I thought you were too busy pretending to tend the fire over at the furnace."
  A harsh comment.
  Apparently even Soujyuro had a slight taste for drama.
"So it's come to this. Even the upstanding students like you are looking down on me now."
  Tobimaru seemed sad at Soujyuro's observation.
  But as long as Tobimaru continued to claim he was helping the girls clean by doing nothing more than standing in front of a pile of burning leaves, Soujyuro found it hard to sympathize.
"Just tell us what you want. We're actually busy doing work over here, unlike some people."
"Oh is that so? Well, lucky for you it's almost break time.
  Let's get warmed up over there."
"Oh, break time! Now you're talking!"
"Huh? Not for you, idiot. Only people who've actually done some work today can take a break.
  If you wanna come stand by the furnace then bring me enough leaves to fill a cart. Until then, keep sweeping."
"Argh! I have rights, you know! This is abuse of power!"
  Kinomi's complaints naturally fell on deaf ears.
  Tobimaru had been selected to lead the cleaning operation, and his word was final.
  If Kinomi were to continue to push his buttons, he knew he would be on cleaning duty tomorrow and the next day, too.
"All right, here we go, people. Don't ask me why, but we have a bunch of cans of sweet red-bean soup. Some meat buns would've been better, but that would have required a certain someone to use their brain. We've also got some emergency chocolate.
  ...Goddammit. What the hell was she thinking?"
  Soujyuro reassured Tobimaru by saying that he thought the food would do just fine for everyone.
"Huh? Wait, you're not coming?"
"No, I'm gonna stay here. We can just burn some leaves to stay warm like Kinomi said. We've got a pond right there, so we can easily put it out when we're done."
  This was clearly for Kinomi's benefit.
  Tobimaru furrowed his brow while Kinomi shivered from the cold.
"Ohhh... Ohhhhhhhh!
  I-Is that a glimmer of friendship I just saw! You know what? You're as pure as the snow is white!
  This is nuts, but just wait here, Sizuki! I'm gonna go grab some potatoes from Akabane!"
  Perhaps shy to show his true feelings, Kinomi ran off to the neighboring group.
"...Eh, I figured you'd say that. Here."
  Tobimaru pulled out a hot can from his jersey pocket, scratching his head in exacerbation.
  He pulled out three in all, one from each jersey pocket and one from his pants pocket.
"Let's get a fire going.
  I'm gonna chill over here too."
"I guess we both know how to deal with people, huh?"
  Soujyuro quickly prepared the leaves for the fire.
  Carefully gathering them up for them to burn neatly.
"...You're pretty good at that."
"Eh, it's easy when you have matches."
  Soujyuro crouched down in front of the burning leaves and warmed his hands near the flames.
  Even though he showed no signs of being cold, underneath it all, Soujyuro was cold, too.
  He gazed into the fire as the smoke rose from the pile of leaves, as if remembering the good times from his past.
  Tobimaru felt a touch of concern as he looked at Soujyuro.
  He saw within him homesickness and retrospection. He also saw a dark shadow looming over him, like a stranger in a foreign land without a home.
"You don't look so good, Soujyuro."
"I suppose I *am* a little tired."
"If you need to talk, I'm here for you. Just let me know."
  Tobimaru continued speaking with the pull-tab from the can of sweet red-bean soup still around his index finger.
  Soujyuro was focused on the fire.
"Oh yeah, while you were taking a break from school, Aozaki slugged me. She said I've got a big mouth."
"Wow, congratulations."
  Sometimes Soujyuro would reply incoherently like this.
  Tobimaru chalked it up to cultural differences.
"Say, how are things going with Aozaki anyway? You used to walk with her to the train station before exams. Have things been going well since then?"
  It was obvious to everyone that that was far from the case, yet Tobimaru asked anyway.
"Yeah, we live together now."
  Soujyuro went with the truthful, blunt response.
"Wow. I see, I see. That was quick, dating already, huh?"
  Tobimaru tried to laugh off Soujyuro's all-too casual confession, however...
"Wait, you LIVE TOGETHER?!"
"Are you okay, Tobimaru? Did a spark hit you?"
"No, worse. My friend just said the wildest thing I've ever heard."
  Soujyuro protested Tobimaru's reply with silence.
"...Y-You're not joking, are you? One day you're barely interested in girls and the next you're shacked up with one?!"
  Tobimaru had always felt that he and Soujyuro were an equal match strength-wise, but for some reason he could not shake the feeling that Soujyuro was now his superior in the brain department.
  Soujyuro cast a rare angry glare in Tobimaru's direction.
"That was awfully rude.
  What do you mean I'm not interested in girls?"
  Soujyuro seemed genuinely angry, and his voice was icy.
  This uncharacteristic level of anger from Soujyuro was enough to get Tobimaru to back down.
"Hey look, I was out of line. I just assumed a few things. I apologize.
 But seriously, what do you mean you're living with her? This all seems way too fast for you."
"It's not what you think. I'm just renting a room in her house.
  It's up in the attic, but it reminds me of a mountain cottage so I kind of like it."
  Tobimaru did not bat an eyelid at hearing that Soujyuro now lived in an attic, and continued his questioning.
"I mean we're talking about *that* mansion, right? The Kuonji mansion?
  This is out of this world! What kind of wizard are you to pull that off?"
"Huh? You know the place, Tobimaru?"
"Come on, dude, you're talking to the heir to the Tsukiji throne here. Of course I know about the mansion where the first daughter of the Kuonji Group lives. She's a sophomore at the Reien Girls Academy, right?"
"Kuonji... what?"
  Soujyuro was looking more confused than ever, so Tobimaru reluctantly explained everything as simply as he could so Soujyuro could understand.
"The Kuonji Group. Well, they're more like a foundation, really.
  All you need to know is, the whole family is loaded and they own and manage various companies together. They're not quite a conglomerate, but they're a big deal in the exports industry."
"They used to operate out of England because their old chairman loved the place, but things went south about five years ago so they moved all their operations back here.
  Since their son took over, things have rebounded for them and that's why you see their name plastered around town. They contributed, like, half the funds required to rebuild our school."
  Despite the oversimplified explanation, Soujyuro still seemed to not be getting it.
  With that, Tobimaru decided to give up on trying to explain.
"They're filthy rich, okay?
  You know that coffee place you work at? The Kuonjis brought that franchise here. Now they're a national chain!"
"Okay, so they're very rich and very important. ...Weird. If that's the case, then why is she so frugal all the time?"
  Soujyuro mumbled incoherently to himself.
  Tobimaru looked at him with a complex expression on his face, somewhere between envy and heartfelt sympathy.
"Whatever the case, you've done good for yourself, buddy.
  Tell me the truth, though. When a guy and a girl are living under the same roof, only one thing can be happening, am I right?"
"That's a surprisingly old-fashioned thought for you to have, Tobimaru."
"Oh give me a break! What kind of guy is afraid to talk about this kind of stuff?"
"I suppose you're right. So, the truth is..."
  Though Soujyuro and Aoko were living together, there was absolutely no chemistry between them. Though that was not to say that living in such close quarters as they did, unintended mishaps did not occur from time to time.
  But, even still...
"You'd be surprised how nothing like that goes on.
  The mansion is pretty huge, after all."
  Everyone was often busy with their own affairs, so there was no opportunity for that sort of thing to happen.
"I mean, answer me this. Would you suddenly make advances on Aozaki just because you were living under the same roof?"
"...Nope, never."
  Tobimaru nodded intently, as if he was thinking back over his many ex-relationships.
"Well, this all sounds very wholesome."
"Yeah, I feel great."
  Soujyuro gave no more than a quick affirmation to Tobimaru's despondent murmur.
  He was doing fine.
  But besides his physical health, it was surely Soujyuro's personality that enabled him to maintain any semblance of peace dealing with both Aoko and Alice while living in that mansion.
"On an unrelated note, I'm totally indebted to Aozaki.
  I'm not sure how I can ever repay her for what she's done for me."
  Soujyuro's eyes turned slightly serious as he stared into the fire.
  Tobimaru felt that there was more to those words than what Soujyuro was letting on.
"So you owe her big time, huh?"
  Soujyuro merely nodded in silence at Tobimaru's inquisitive acknowledgment.
  And just then...
  A strange scream pierced through the still silence of the wood like a knife.
"...Did you hear that?"
"Yeah, and it was Kinomi."
  Soujyuro had already stood up before he responded.
  He bolted to the frozen pond, broke the ice with his broom,
 scooped up some of the frigid water in a bucket and threw it on the fire, all in less than ten seconds.
  Then he immediately ran off into the depths of the woods from where he heard the scream.
  Tobimaru followed after him in panicked confusion.
"Tobimaru, do you know what's down this way?"
"The remains of the old school building should be there."
"Anything else? You know, like a pack of wild dogs, or bad stuff like that?"
"Huh? No, dude. If anything it'd just be some deer, or rabbits, or something."
"Then there's nothing to be afraid of. Let's hurry."
  Perhaps because of his time spent growing up in the mountains, Soujyuro quickly sprinted over the slippery dead leaves.
  Tobimaru was not particularly cautious himself, but nevertheless he could not keep up with Soujyuro in here.
  Before long, Soujyuro found himself running alone.
  When foliage blocked the natural trail, he would sometimes clear it away by brute force. But just as often, he would expertly weave through the brush.
  It was clear that he was used to dealing with this level of nature.
  After a few minutes, Soujyuro arrived at a clearing.
  The wall of trees had ended.
  It was an obviously man-made clearing here on the mountainside.
  In the distance was what looked like an old wooden school building.
  It was a small, aesthetically pleasing building no larger than an elementary school, lost in the depths of the winter wilderness.
"Kinomi."
  Kinomi stood alone on the old school's grounds.
"Hey. What are you doing here, Sizuki?"
  A sour expression came over Soujyuro's face as Kinomi tilted his head in confusion.
"That's what I want to know. And what was that scream all about?"
"Huh? What scream? I was just pissed at this dumb kid.
  Look, there he is. I know he's got some potatoes on him. Dammit, we let him run off inside!"
  Kinomi pointed resentfully toward the old school building.
  There was indeed somebody standing at the entrance to the building just over three hundred feet in the distance.
"What the hell is he doing up here anyway? Is this where kids hang out nowadays?"
  Kinomi shrugged his shoulders to signal how little he cared what the young children did with their time.
  This place was deep in the woods, but it was not particularly dangerous.
  Soujyuro had run through the wood to get here, but there was also a paved road leading to this spot from outside the woods, too.
  Kinomi apparently followed that road to get here.
"Hmm... a child?"
  Soujyuro squinted.
"Yeah, he had blond hair, which kinda freaked me out at first. Foreign kids are scary, man!"
  It was indeed quite rare to see a foreigner in a provincial town such as Misaki.
  Soujyuro had never even seen a foreigner in person, which made the whole thing even more mysterious.
"Why did you feel the need to run all the way up here again?"
"Eh, Akabane said that stupid kid stole their food, so I was chasing him down and ended up here.
Since you're here, let's team up and see if we can catch him."
"That's a little menacing, Kinomi."
  Soujyuro could not find it in him to agree with his plan.
  It seemed unfair to team up against a little kid.
"Come on, let's head back. That kid is over there just staring at us.
  And besides, if Tobimaru sees us up here slacking off we're gonna be cleaning this mountain for the whole of winter break."
  Soujyuro took Kinomi by the shoulders and began leading him back to the path he came from.
  Kinomi cast one last gaze at the old school building before reluctantly following.
  Just then, Tobimaru appeared, panting and out of breath.
"How... are you... so fast?!"
  Tobimaru could hardly catch his breath.
  He arrived about three minutes behind Soujyuro, despite having a good set of legs on him.
"So what's going on? Are you all right, Kinomi?"
"Huh? Yeah I'm fine. What about you, Your Highness?"
  Kinomi seemed perplexed at Tobimaru's first-ever display of concern for him.
"What the hell is that supposed to mean? You're out here in the middle of nowhere screaming bloody murder and what am I supposed to think? We were worried!"
"That was my fault. I guess I jumped to conclusions.
  You've probably never heard him do it, but sometimes at work Kinomi has this habit of letting out a weird yell like that."
  Kinomi looked disapproving as Soujyuro nonchalantly shared this insight. This was the first he had ever heard of it.
"...I'm not buying it. You're up to something, aren't you?"
"Of course not. Come on, Tobimaru, there's cleaning to be done."
  Soujyuro pat Tobimaru on the shoulder a couple of times and started walking.
  Tobimaru cast a doubtful glare in his direction as he meandered off.
  He had a feeling that Soujyuro was covering for Kinomi somehow.
"You didn't set the old school building on fire or something, did you?"
"Of course not. Who would even do that?"
  Soujyuro kept walking and did not even look back at Tobimaru as he spoke.
  Tobimaru and Kinomi tilted their heads in confusion as they reluctantly followed the unusually aggressive Soujyuro back to their cleaning spot.
  And so, the Special Winter Cleaning Team's activities ended uneventfully.
  The time was three in the afternoon.
  Upon departing, Kinomi and his crew invited Soujyuro to come hang out with them, but he declined politely due to his job that evening.
  He had about two hours until his shift began.
  Not quite enough time to do anything fun, but just enough time to have to fill it with something.
  Soujyuro thought about relaxing in a park somewhere, but quickly changed his mind after remembering how cold it was, even in the city.
  Not to forget that Aoko handed him those pills in the morning.
  Aoko was absolutely correct in her prediction. Heading back to the mansion now would just be a waste of time.
  There was no reason for him to return to the mansion until after his shift at work.
  Still, Soujyuro found himself on the way back anyway.
  Having grown up deep in the mountains, a little two hour walk was really no sweat off his back.
  Misaki was one of the more quiet residential areas in Misaki City.
  The only thing that really stood out here was Shiroinuzuka.
  It was a hill that lead directly into the woods.
  The silhouette of the mountains served as backdrop to suburbia, silently overshadowing the small human actions of the people who lived there.
  Even in this modern day of technological progress, the people here were always careful to pay reverence to the nature around them.
  If that mansion were a shrine, it would not be a haunted house but a famous tourist attraction.
"...Wait, I just realized something."
  The houses around Shiroinuzuka were all magnificent.
  Soujyuro understood as he looked from the bottom of this hill where the rest of the town lived at the roof of the mansion tucked away in the woods.
  He understood what Tobimaru was talking about, about how the Kuonji family who owned that mansion might be the richest people in town.
"They really do hate me. Why else would they ask for rent?"
  Soujyuro began walking towards the mansion with such thoughts simmering in his mind.
  The feeling of the hard asphalt beneath his feet instead of soft dirt felt lonely and isolating.
  He walked along the paved road for ten minutes or so before reaching the iron fence of the wood.
  Beyond this fence was the private property of the Kuonji family.
  It was bereft of any awkward no-trespassing signs.
  The tall, overbearing iron fence was more than enough to remind visitors that they were unwelcome there.
  Soujyuro casually pushed on the iron gate.
  Only two days had passed since the end of final exams, and he already seemed more than comfortable with the idea of entering this wood alone.
  The path to the mansion from inside the wood curved and bent like a snake.
  It took about fifteen minutes to reach the mansion on this path.
  He could have chosen to ignore the long incline and travel in a straight line through the wood, but he would have expended significantly more energy in doing so. No, using the wooded path was the sensible option, barring an emergency.
  Upon entering the foyer, Soujyuro heard a conversation coming from the drawing room.
  It was no doubt Aoko and Alice. Soujyuro decided to join them.
  Ever since final exams had ended, Aoko and Alice had switched from their daily routine to a more irregular schedule.
  Aoko would disappear into Alice's room in the west wing of the mansion for a while, where she would remain,
  and Alice would go into Aoko's room, not to be seen again.
  Or they would vanish into the corridors leading around to the rear of the mansion doing who knows what, where Soujyuro was most certainly not allowed to enter.
  Not that he was interested in what they were doing since Aoko and Alice did not seem to want to include him either, serving both parties nicely.
  For the time being, the Kuonji Estate was pretty peaceful.
"I'm home."
  Soujyuro quietly opened the door to the drawing room.
  Even though they tried not to be involved in each other's business, Soujyuro made it a habit to greet them.
  The two girls sat across from him on the sofa.
  On the table in front of them was a large, extravagantly decorated mirror.
  Aoko was dressed for comfort; wearing jeans instead of her usual skirt.
  In stark contrast, Alice was dressed in her usual all black.
  Even though the break from school was well underway, the witch still insisted on wearing black.
  As Aoko had explained, it was probably because it was too much effort for Alice to wear anything else.
  Soujyuro's thought was that he would like to see her wear something different.
  Aoko and Alice seemed to be in the middle of some sort of dispute; the air in the drawing room was tense.
  They both ignored his greeting.
  Alice only briefly looked up at him.
"Hmm, what about the Toukawa point? That pillar is white, so hopefully it won't be so easy to remove."
"...Yes. The Toukawa one is still active, but the Suzuho support next to it has gone, so we can't really be too careful.
  With each sigil they discover, they get better at finding the others."
"That makes sense. I guess once they've found one, they can easily find the other connections.
  ...I really messed up. I should have been more careful. This is going to turn into a weekly battle soon."
  The two continued their heated discussion from opposite sides of the table.
  Aoko neglected to even glance up at Soujyuro.
  Soujyuro sensed that she wanted to concentrate on the discussion at hand.
"...It's so strange, though.
  Setting aside the timing of the puppet that night and how quickly they were able to find our expertly hidden sigil, whoever it is most definitely has to have some kind of hideout in the city.
  But if that's the case, why aren't we detecting any abnormalities in the field? The dragnet around Misaki City hasn't been broken for nearly a hundred years."
  Aoko bit her nails nervously, while Alice nodded along.
  It seemed as though she was wondering the same thing.
"...Even my mother wasn't able to touch this Bounded Field.
  The only person capable of getting through Misaki's Bounded Field would have been your grandfather or an even more capable mage.
But someone exuding that level of magical energy would find it that much harder to cover his or her tracks.
  ...It could be some kind of unique concealment ward, but I haven't heard anything about any new faerie circles forming these past few years."
"Where was it, Sherwood Forest? The May King was able to break through your mist, remember? Do you think there's some sort of concealment stronger than that?"
"All I'm saying is if whoever we're dealing with has skills greater than our own, maybe there are some techniques we aren't aware of.
  Either way we need to reevaluate things. We might be under more pressure than we thought."
  The two fell silent.
  Soujyuro, after some internal deliberation, decided to break the silence.
"So... I'm home."
  Aoko finally looked up at him in response to his hesitant declaration.
"That's fine, Soujyuro, but will you please take a bath? You're dirty."
  And with that, Aoko returned her gaze to the mirror.
  Alice briefly looked up at Soujyuro again before also returning her gaze to the mirror.
  Perhaps feeling at least somewhat satisfied that his greeting was acknowledged, Soujyuro left the drawing room and closed the door behind him.
  Aoko was right. His clothes were a little soiled.
"...It's a waste of water, but I guess I should."
  Soujyuro returned to his room, thinking that a bath might actually feel pretty nice in this cold weather, despite not really having broken a sweat at all during the day.
  He climbed the stairs from the foyer and up the second flight into the attic.
  Unlike the other rooms in the mansion, this one had no frills to its decor.
  It was a little cumbersome to use as a living space, but comfortable enough for Soujyuro.
  Everywhere else in the mansion was a little too gaudy for his tastes.
  As far as shelter and a place to sleep went, Soujyuro was more than satisfied with his accommodations.
  There was no electricity in the attic.
  The only light was that which crept in from a small skylight.
  Not that Soujyuro minded. He was more accustomed to living without electricity than living with it.
  With only the faint winter light to guide him, he readied a change of clothes and a towel before heading down to the foyer.
  Despite the magnificent size of the mansion, there was only one bath in the whole building.
  And not a particularly large one at that. Whoever the architect was, he or she must not have thought a bath to be so important, or perhaps they were not the bath type.
  Soujyuro descended to the foyer and made his way to the back of the stairs.
  He knocked on the door to the bath. As expected, there was no answer from the other side. The only other two occupants of the mansion were still talking in the drawing room.
  After confirming it was unoccupied, Soujyuro quietly entered the bathroom.
  Even though Soujyuro was not aware of it himself, as was common for him, 
  the only hobby he had acquired since coming down from the mountain was taking a nice, relaxing bath.
  Soujyuro had left, but the two girls were still locked in their heated discussion.
  Needless to say, the topic of their conversation was still that of the outsider mage who had appeared in Misaki City last month.
  This was, after all, the problem that had occupied their time before this whole situation with Soujyuro arose―dealing with and eliminating the interloper who had set his or her sights on their territory.
"...All this time we'd been preoccupied by a decoy. No doubt also a part of their plan.
Then, while we're distracted, they've crept in and stolen another one.
  The fight against this mage has only just begun."
  The situation was growing more dire by the day.
  Until only a couple of days ago, the enemy had limited themselves to small skirmishes. But now they had shifted to a full-on offensive.
  Aoko had two major Bounded Fields she used for defense.
  One, the larger of the two, was placed around Misaki City to detect magical energy and magecraft.
  This was used to observe and monitor visitors from outside the city, and was initially set up by Aozaki's ancestors, the administrators of this territory, and had no way to be removed.
  The other was set up to energize and manage leylines from within the territory.
  The five sigils carved into the earth made up a standard square-type array, protecting all that lay within its bounds.
  After some manipulation of the mana flow, the power within was directed to accumulate at the Kuonji Estate. That is to say, the Bounded Field existed to monopolize the magical energy within Misaki City.
  There were five sigils in total, with the Kuonji Estate located in the center.
  If all five sigils were forcibly removed, Aoko's jurisdiction over this territory would be in title only.
  Without the power of the land to back them up, they would be forced to fight back against their invaders on equal ground, with only their own innate abilities to protect them.
  The only reason Alice and the inexperienced Aoko were able to defend this territory so far was because of these two fields.
  The dragnet that notified Aozaki of any threats was also her lifeline.
  But this time, their enemy had somehow slipped through the cracks and was running rampant.
  This was what the girls had to face up to.
"Either way, it's just a matter of time at this point.
  Once all the sigils are destroyed, this mansion will be our last stronghold of defense.
 Are you okay with that, Aoko?"
"I mean, what other choice do we have? Like you said, it's only a matter of time before the sigils are destroyed.
  Our best chance would be to find their hideout, but it's not exactly a necessity. They can remove the sigils for all I care."
"As long as you're here then the mansion itself shouldn't be a problem to defend.
  And if they do, then they're marching to their own demise.
  What else is there to worry about?"
"...Nothing, I suppose. With only a single opponent to deal with, we're better off focusing the field of the mirror on the estate, and making this mansion our last line of defense."
  Alice touched the mirror on the table with her pale fingers.
  The surface of the mirror rippled like water.
  The mirror was another protector of Misaki City, separate from Aozaki's Bounded Fields.
  More accurately, it was a Ploy that existed only to protect Alice Kuonji rather than Misaki City itself. It generated a thick fog and acted as an invitation to any visitors, drawing them in to its board game-like world.
  Alice referred to it only as "the mirror,"
  but it was known to her friends as the Mirror of Slumber.
  This was a magecraft that Alice Kuonji wielded.
  Within the rippling surface of the mirror, an image of a castle began to form and also a lush forest, a field, and a river.
  Aoko stared at the mirror in silence
  before suddenly jumping to her feet off the sofa.
"Now that that's all decided, we can get back to actually doing stuff.
  I'm going out, Alice. We can't do anything until we have eyes on the ground."
  Alice let out a tired sigh in response to Aoko's determination, then gave the mirror a gentle caress.
  ...The sound of dripping water filled the room.
  The mirror began to consume the table in a thick fog with a single caress from Alice.
"If we're visiting each sigil, we definitely won't be back until morning."
"Nah. We'll be home in no time!
  Oh right, I meant to ask you. Is this the proper way to do a fire pentagram banishment?"
  Aoko traced a shape in the air with her fingers.
  She mimed a star shape starting from the top, moving down and to the right, from there to the upper left, and so on.
"It's about time you learned something other than how to break things, Aoko."
  Alice sat up from the sofa, letting out a heavy sigh.
  They both took their coats from their hangers and left the drawing room.
"Well, excuse me. I guess I need to study some more on top of all the studying I already do.
Remember that charm I pulled off just the other day?"
"...What charm?"
"That simple Mesmerize.
  You know, the one you taught me. 'Light and frail, nimble and quick. Tick-tock, tick-tock, there's no time to waste.' That one!"
"...Are you being serious right now?"
"Yes, I'm serious! You can ask Soujyuro later if you don't believe me."
"..."
  Alice swallowed her words, clearly displeased.
  She likely stopped herself in time to realize it was not worth the effort to take issue with it.
"On the topic, what will he do while we're away?"
"He'll be fine. As long as he doesn't try to go into the west wing or anything like that, there shouldn't be any immediate threat to his..."
  Aoko responded hastily as she opened the door to the foyer.
  As soon as she did...
  Just as quickly as Alice's doubts had gotten stuck in her throat, Aoko suddenly froze, unable to speak.
"...What?"
  For a moment, Aoko wasn't sure who was standing before her.
  She could only stare at the glinting rays of sunlight creeping into the room as she reeled from the shock.
  Her mind was completely blank.
  It was as if she had just woken up from a nap, or a jack-in-the-box had just opened in her face.
  Soujyuro was probably the only person who truly knew how long that dumbfounded silence went on.
"...What the hell are you doing standing there like that?"
  Aoko had finally found her voice.
"What? I'm changing clothes."
  Soujyuro's response was matter-of-fact.
  He offered no explanation as to why he was changing in the foyer and not the bathroom.
"..."
  Aoko was too shocked to read him the riot act.
  Soujyuro was putting a shirt on after presumably just getting out from the bath.
  His neck was wrapped in bandages, and he was completely shirtless.
  His hair was wet, but his skin wasn't glistening from the steam of hot water. He must have washed himself with nothing more than cold water.
  Though shocked as to why anyone would do such a thing in this cold weather, she let it slide.
  The source of her silent stupor was simply his body.
  Until now, she'd only seen him as harmless. Without his clothing to hide him, however, he was more fit than she'd ever imagined.
  For a rough mountain upbringing where one's body and strength meant survival, perhaps he was even a bit underdeveloped.
  And on top of that...
"...Are those scars?"
  Aoko asked cautiously.
  Soujyuro followed her gaze.
  He had something that looked like a burn scar on his arm.
  It was random in appearance, nothing like Aoko's Magic Crest with its ordered patterns.
"Oh, this? A long time ago I was attacked by a pack of wild dogs and they bit me. It's a miracle I'm even still alive, so if anything I'm fond of the scar."
  A long time ago... He must be talking about when he was a child.
  Though his life was saved, it was apparent that he hadn't been able to receive proper treatment deep in the mountains where he lived.
  Those scars were proof of that.
  Considering it had happened so many years ago, it was likely they would never fade.
  If only for an instant, Aoko thought the wild scars left on his skin suited his lean body perfectly.
"...I know it's not pleasant to look at.
  I should have just changed in my own room."
  Soujyuro sounded slightly ashamed as he put on his shirt, looking at Aoko standing there in cold silence.
  The two girls had no response.
  Soujyuro headed for the stairs to go back to his room.
"W-Wait a second, Soujyuro."
"Hm?"
  Soujyuro stopped and turned around.
"Ummm, so, how do I say this..."
  Aoko looked away awkwardly, apparently not knowing why she had stopped him herself.
"Huh? This isn't like you, Aozaki.
  You're acting strange. Did you get a fever or something?
  I bet neither of you have gotten enough sleep since all that, have you?"
  He was of course referring to the final exams.
  From Soujyuro's perspective, the amount of work Aoko put in seemed strange.
"I-I don't have a fever!
  That's not what this is about... I just want to know why the hell you're changing clothes here!"
  Aoko was doing her best to keep up appearances.
  But...
  For some reason, Soujyuro was hesitant to say too much more.
"So, well, this isn't easy to say...
  But you need to take care of your underwear better. I don't know whose it is, though."
  Alice, who had been completely silent behind Aoko, couldn't resist responding to that statement.
  Although she hadn't wanted to get involved, this was something she couldn't ignore.
"I must point out, it was most definitely Aoko."
  Alice's response was quick and to the point.
"...I may have been in charge of laundry, but..."
  Aoko seemed like she was just holding back on going critical.
"Anyway, I really have to get dressed, or I'm going to be late for work."
  Sensing that those two were probably about to get into an argument, Soujyuro took his chance to leave.
  And with that, Soujyuro briskly left the scene.
"...Alice."
"...I'll go clean up."
  Alice calmly walked into the bathroom.
  A few minutes later...
  Just as the two were about to head out and fulfill their duties as mages, Aoko remembered something she wanted to ask.
"Alice, do you think those scars were...?"
"...I don't think so.
  He seemed so proud, after all."
  Aoko agreed.
  What had impressed her the most about those scars was how he treated them simply as a part of his past, absent of any regret.
  Aoko wouldn't have gone so far as to say he was proud, but it seemed her instincts had been correct.
  That, and one more thing.
"One thing is clear, though.
  I wasn't the only one who was pleasantly surprised at what I saw. Was I, Alice?"
  Aoko smiled wryly at Alice, like a child who knew they were doing something they shouldn't with their friend.
  Alice was trying to ignore her as best she could.
  She looked away without saying a word.
  Aoko let out a satisfied snicker and began walking towards the front door.
"Let's get going. We should probably start at that park, right?
  Since that's where this all started."
  She was talking about the local park in Misaki.
  The place where they had run into the enemy puppets and, of course, where their involvement with Soujyuro had all begun.
  Early the next morning...
  It was five o'clock in the morning. Most people were still in their beds sleeping.
  Although some twenty-four hour convenience stores had opened last year, Misaki Town was still very much living in the good old days of the early eighties.
  Even the tofu shop in the shopping district, known for opening earlier than anywhere else, didn't open until six.
  But this was the late eighties, during the latter half of Japan's bubble economy.
  It was a time when metropolitan areas never slept. Those in the countryside, however, remained in the past.
  The homes were blanketed in silence, the streets were empty of commuters, and not a single automobile could be heard.
  The sun was just barely peeking over the horizon.
  The town would still be asleep for at least an hour longer before it began waking up.
  It was during this time that someone stepped onto the Kuonji Estate.
  Soujyuro was working the late shift during winter vacation and had just come home.
  He moved quietly through the drawing room so he wouldn't wake up Aoko and Alice, who were presumably still asleep.
  The Kuonji Estate had a few established rules.
  One of those rules forbade more Japanese tea.
  This new rule had only came into effect three days prior.
  It was proposed after Alice saw Soujyuro drinking green tea in the kitchen after dinner one night.
"Ah."
"Ah?"
  Looking back on it, the decision had been made rather abruptly.
  That single gasp of surprise was all Alice said.
  She grasped her head as if she was battling the most vicious of migraines, called for Aoko, and then made the decision to ban all Japanese teas from this mansion.
  By some miracle, Aoko managed to negotiate and keep Soujyuro's privileges to barley tea during the summer.
"Even the British only drank green tea at first, you know."
  Aoko had clearly hit a nerve with this argument.
  Aoko stared at Alice, fairly certain why she was so taken aback by Soujyuro's actions.
"I don't get why it's such a big deal... Tea is good no matter what kind it is..."
  Soujyuro grumbled to himself while sipping his hot green tea.
  He didn't realize that Alice was upset because he had poured his green tea into a teacup meant for black tea.
  In Soujyuro's defense, this was the only tea cup that Alice had given him permission to use.
  At any rate, the early morning was his to enjoy.
  This was his moment to relax with the Japanese tea set he'd smuggled in.
  He didn't use this time to read books or watch TV. He just drank his tea and gazed fondly at the garden-or rather, the dense woods outside.
  Soujyuro simply sat, relaxed, and let his mind wander.
  About an hour passed.
  Just as he was beginning to feel refreshed, he heard sounds coming from the foyer.
  He knew it was Aoko and Alice talking, so he rushed to hide his teacup, teapot, and tea leaves in the kitchen.
  Hiding the contraband was easy enough, considering just how many unused shelves there were in the kitchen. Soujyuro was perturbed by how they wasted the potential of such a splendid kitchen.
"Oh, you're up early, Soujyuro."
  Aoko spoke as she took off her white down jacket.
  Next to her, Alice silently took off her black coat.
"No, I just got home actually. I started working the late shift at a food factory over in Amagihama."
  Soujyuro stuck his head out from the kitchen and gestured that he was about to put on some water to boil.
  Alice tilted her head slightly at him.
  It wasn't that she thought his gesturing was funny or anything like that.
"Amagihama...?"
  Alice glanced up at the clock in the drawing room, and her expression darkened.
"What's wrong, Alice?"
  Aoko asked this from her comfortable seat on the sofa.
"Nothing."
  Alice responded indifferently before finally sitting down as well.
"Soujyuro! Just one spoon of sugar, remember?"
  Aoko yelled her matter-of-course request into the kitchen.
  Soujyuro didn't respond, but it was an affirmative silence.
  This was the result of two entire nights' worth of cramming that Alice knew nothing about.
"What about you, Alice?"
"I'll just have mine with milk."
  Alice responded out of obligation.
"Tea with milk, got it."
  For some reason, Soujyuro dutifully answered Alice's request.
"Fine. I'd get sick of his voice if he replied every time, anyway.
  Anyway, isn't it pretty rare for you to be drinking tea from a tea bag, Alice?"
"...I'm just tired today. I thought I might as well."
  It seemed she had allowed herself to accept another's kindness, at least for today.
"Hmph, if you say so. More importantly, Soujyuro?
  Didn't you say something weird earlier?"
"Hm? I don't think so."
"Oh? I could've sworn you said something."
  The two were conversing over a distance of four yards.
  Alice decided to add her opinion to the conversation.
"...I don't think a day has ever gone by when he hasn't said something weird, to be honest."
  Her quiet tone was luckily just low enough that Soujyuro couldn't hear her from the kitchen.
"I agree, but seriously... Wasn't he talking kind of strangely just now?
  ...I don't exactly know how to describe it."
"True. The conversation itself was normal, but something did seem off about what he was saying."
  Aoko became gradually more irritated as she failed to grasp what had been odd about the conversation.
  Just then, Soujyuro appeared holding a tray with a teacup for each of them.
"What are you guys talking about?
  I literally just said I started a new part-time job. That's all."
  He put the cups down on the black table without making even the slightest sound.
  Alice couldn't complain about how proper his job as a waiter had made him.
"..."
  While she didn't say anything out loud, she did nod in his direction to show some gratitude.
  Aoko, however...
"Amagihama, was it? There's a huge stadium over there that I go to sometimes when a band I like is on tour."
  The student council president, a supposed model student, loved rock bands.
  Aoko was secretly obsessed with a number of bands and used to travel way out of town just to see them perform live when she was in middle school.
  Of course, this was a world that Soujyuro was far from familiar with.
"Anyway, I can't believe you've started yet another part-time job. What are you trying to accomplish working that hard, Soujyuro?"
"...Oh, you were listening.
  Well, I have to work more because there are a couple of people in my life who like to take all my money from me for every little thing you can imagine."
  This was as much resistance as Soujyuro was able to give.
  Aoko lifted her teacup to her mouth as if she was completely oblivious to Soujyuro's monologue.
"Sounds rough."
  Alice said this as she set her teacup down quietly.
  There were some things she just did not understand.
  Aoko had to hold back her laughter as she looked at Alice and Soujyuro.
"I should've known better than to say anything."
  Soujyuro's shoulders fell as he said this.
  He took a sip of his black tea, still unsure about the taste.
"As long as you know I'm working a lot, I guess that's fine.
  So that means I'll also be away at night during winter vacation. I'll have to take those pills at work, though..."
"Oh, don't worry about that. I'm done with those.
  They were a pain to make, and I found something more suitable for you anyway."
  Aoko had a huge, ominous grin on her face.
  She put her hand into her jacket pocket and pulled out a little paper bag.
  It was a small, circular object about twenty inches in diameter, wrapped up nicely like a present.
"Here's a little something to celebrate your moving in here. I want you to wear that from now on, Soujyuro."
  Soujyuro opened the paper bag.
  Inside was a white belt.
  But it wasn't a belt for putting around your waist to keep your pants up.
  To put it as clearly as possible, it was a collar.
"Aoko..."
  Alice's expression darkened at this turn of events.
  But it wasn't clear whether it was her friend's insidiousness or sympathy for Soujyuro that concerned her.
"So, what do you think?"
  Aoko was clearly a little crazy.
  At least she wasn't totally serious.
  It was obvious that it was at least half a prank to just see how Soujyuro would react.
  But...
  Soujyuro was solemnly considering the collar he had just been gifted.
"I'm not exactly sure what this means, but it's the first time anyone has given me something like this."
  ...He actually sounded like this would be a happy memory for him.
  Alice narrowed her eyes at what was transpiring.
"But what exactly am I supposed to use this for?"
"It's simple. It's like the golden headband in Journey to the West. Wukong had to wear it if he stepped out of line, though this you wear around your neck like a dog collar."
  Soujyuro grimaced when he finally understood Aoko's mean-spirited gift.
  He really wanted to ask her what kind of person comes up with such an evil idea.
"So basically, if I divulge any secrets or disobey you, then that collar will choke me. Is that right?
  ...Are you *sure* you're feeling well, Aozaki?"
"Oh, do you not like it? I tried to pick out what I thought would suit you best!"
  Aoko still had an evil grin on her face.
  But Soujyuro had a surprising response to this gift that Aoko had clearly gotten as a prank.
"Hmm... I guess you're right. I mean, it's better than taking poison every day, and the belt itself looks well-made.
  I actually like it. Thank you, Aozaki."
  He spoke one hundred percent truthfully.
  Aoko's face contorted in disbelief, and she could only mumble if he was serious.
"I'm happy about any act of kindness.
  Even more so when it's from you, Aozaki."
  And with that, Soujyuro put the "belt" around his neck.
  He placed it over the bandages already there.
"I guess this works. It's a little tight, but I'm sure I'll get used to it."
  Despite his words to the contrary, Soujyuro tugged at the belt uncomfortably and adjusted it.
  It was such a perverse scene that even Aoko's face was red as a beet, even though this had all been her idea.
  Perhaps it was because it gave her such a clear reminder of the scars she had seen the day before.
"Okay. Is it on right?"
"..."
  Aoko retreated guiltily as Soujyuro came closer for her to check the fit of his new collar.
"If you don't say anything, how will I know if it fits right?
  It's okay. I'll just ask Alice."
  Soujyuro shifted his gaze from Aoko to Alice.
  Alice stared intently at Soujyuro wearing his new collar and said,
"...Punk rock, hm? Aoko, stop trying to dress him how you want him to look."
  She could not have put it any more bluntly.
"Sh-
 Shut up! That's not what I was trying to do!
  Just ignore her! From now on, that collar will replace those pills I was giving you. Don't you go divulging any of our secrets!"
  Aoko was oddly emphatic as she spoke before stomping off toward the hallway.
"I'm going to take a nap until lunch. If you wake me up for ANY stupid reason, I WILL murder you!"
  Aoko slammed the door behind her as she left the drawing room.
  Soujyuro stared in amazement.
"...I'll never understand why she gets so mad like that all of a sudden."
  He murmured to himself, forgetting that Alice was standing right there in front of him.
"I assume it's because her ill intent doesn't seem to get through to you.
  I wouldn't worry about it if I were you."
"Ill intent? What? Just now?"
  Alice looked up at Soujyuro's innocent response.
  There was a glimmer in her eyes that showed surprise at her current actions.
"It's nothing. Don't worry about it."
  With that terse reply, she returned to her usual expressionless self.
  There was no use explaining Aoko's feelings.
  Aoko bought that collar for the sole purpose of annoying Soujyuro and causing mischief. When things didn't turn out how she'd planned, her conscience got the better of her.
  Soujyuro mistakenly thought that Aoko was angry at him, when in reality she was only angry at herself.
  Alice didn't bother telling Soujyuro all these heartwarming details, though.
  Not because it was too much work, just because she was never one to have meaningless conversation.
  That was how she had been raised.
"So what are your plans for the rest of the day, Sizuki?"
  Alice suddenly changed the topic.
  Soujyuro thought for a while before replying.
"I'm just going to relax until the evening. I've been way too busy recently.
  I want to watch some TV now since we have to wake up Aozaki at lunchtime, right?"
"...Right. Just keep it quiet, then."
  Alice let out a gentle sigh and rose to her feet.
  Just keep it quiet...
  Soujyuro would understand exactly what she meant by those words in just a few minutes.
  The sun shining through the window was bright.
  It was just about nine o'clock, about time for the morning television programs to get going.
  Soujyuro was sitting on the sofa, staring out the window at the scene outside.
  The view from the neighboring sunroom showed a courtyard in a state of disrepair.
  Soujyuro could appreciate the outdoors in both its natural, wild state, and when tamed by human hands.
"...I really need to do something about that sometime soon."
  Soujyuro muttered to himself, turning another page in his textbook.
  On the table before him was a mathematics textbook and a notebook with Aoko's name on it.
  Although at first glance he appeared to be a diligent student studying on his day off, he was in truth only doing so as a compromise.
  He had given up on his main intent of watching the morning television shows.
  The reason why he gave up was simple.
  He was being considerate of Alice, who sat in front of him with her nose buried in a book.
  Instead of holing herself up in her room, she'd brought out her old, dusty books to read.
  This is what she meant when she had said to keep quiet. Soujyuro found it difficult to turn on the TV.
(...I guess I won't be watching TV for a while.)
  With that decided, Soujyuro resigned himself to reviewing some of the practice problems he'd gotten wrong.
  ...In the drawing room, for some reason.
There wasn't any particular purpose in doing it there, but he also had no real reason to study back up in his room.
  And so there he was, leisurely highlighting his textbook with Alice there in the same room.
  To Soujyuro, there really was no difference between his room in the attic and the drawing room with Alice.
  To be fair, he could probably live with a tiger as long as it didn't cause any trouble.
  That was both Soujyuro's biggest strength and his biggest weakness.
  Before he knew it, the clock was showing eleven.
  He'd spent two hours doing his math problems but wasn't even halfway finished.
  More than that, he was disappointed in himself for lacking the courage to speak up at all.
(...In comparison, Aozaki is really working hard.)
  He dropped his mechanical pencil onto the notebook and watched it roll away.
  He knew that Aoko and Alice were busy with something since final exams had ended.
  He also knew that she had hardly gotten any sleep recently.
  If she had been able to ignore him during exams, she probably would have had an easier time.
  Today's nap was probably the first proper sleep Aoko had gotten in days.
  Though, she showed no signs of exhaustion despite the fact that she must have hit peak long ago. She always seemed raring to go.
  It wasn't that she was trying to act tough;
  that was just the kind of person she was. Always positive, always tough as nails.
  And that was exactly why she came off as completely irrational at times.
  But if that was the case, you could probably describe Alice in exactly the same way.
  Soujyuro couldn't help but feel a bit inadequate when he saw their single-minded focus on their goals.
  He'd been so preoccupied with adjusting to his new life that he'd neglected to think about what he was going to do with himself after.
  Thinking about this cast a gloomy cloud over his heart.
  He felt like he'd never find a clear purpose in life like Aoko and Alice seemed to have.
  ...At least not since he'd left the mountains.
  His old life was gone now, never to return.
  He was like a kite cut from its string, destined to fly only where the winds took it.
  And without anything to ground him, he couldn't do anything about the empty future that lay ahead.
  He could only let himself fly where the currents took him, slowly losing sight of the ground below.
(There's all the conveniences you could ask for here, but nothing I truly desire...)
  The town was full of options, but he could find nothing.
  He'd asked himself the same questions time and time again.
  It never made him feel any better. If anything, it only made him feel worse and worse.
  That, or...
  Maybe he felt that lamenting his own ineptitude would lead to finding some kind of goal or desire someday.
"...Hah."
  Tired of his own sniveling, Soujyuro dejectedly closed his notebook.
  When he looked up, he saw his own face reflected back at him in the TV screen.
  His new collar was there around his neck, looking as out of place as ever.
"..."
  Perhaps a fool like him who felt weak when faced with others' strengths did need to wear a collar after all.
(This is silly. I shouldn't worry about this until I'm actually an adult.)
  He shook off his thoughts of doom and gloom and sat up straight.
  After psyching himself up a little, he stood up from the sofa.
"I'm gonna make some food. You want anything, Alice?"
  Soujyuro asked casually.
While Soujyuro had been doing his own thing, he had remained mindful of Alice.
  Alice looked up, surprised at hearing her name.
  She had completely forgotten Soujyuro was even there.
"M-Me...?"
"Yes, you. You've only had some tea all morning. If I'm going to be cooking, I might as well cook for everyone."
  Without waiting for her reply, Soujyuro headed off to the kitchen while putting on his apron.
  Alice tried to wave at him to stop, but by then he'd already disappeared into the kitchen.
  She was hesitant to walk all the way in there just to tell him she didn't need anything.
  And besides, she was actually hungry.
  Soujyuro's proposal made sense, and her empty stomach agreed.
  Alice was hungry, and Soujyuro was going to make lunch.
  Making lunch for both of them would save the time and trouble of cooking two separate meals.
  There was no logical reason for Alice to refuse his gesture.
"..."
  She decided to stay quiet, and tacitly accept his offer.
"...He is so strange."
  She whispered the words softly, not for anyone in particular to hear but herself.
  The truth was, however...
  Alice had been in a bad mood all morning.
  After checking all the sigils around Misaki City and boarding the first train back from Toukawa, all she wanted to do was spend the rest of her day reading until the words turned into a jumble.
  Her iron resolve to complete this task would not be interrupted by someone else milling about in the drawing room.
  This was her mansion and there was no way she was going to lock herself up in her room on account of Soujyuro.
  However...
With that said, she knew it would be wrong to kick Soujyuro out for no real reason.
  As it stood, Soujyuro had actually kept quiet like she'd asked.
  He wasn't in the wrong here. If Alice had really wanted to be alone, she should have gone to her room.
"I should have told him to leave me alone instead of just telling him to be quiet..."
  Alice had defiantly stayed in the drawing room despite realizing the dilemma she'd put herself in.
  She had figured Soujyuro would eventually make a ruckus and run off to hide in his attic room.
  Her assumption could not have been more wrong.
  Soujyuro never left the drawing room.
  Moreover, she had actually stopped caring that he was there.
  Though he hadn't paid her any attention, he hadn't ignored her either.
  They had simply sat in silence together without any awkwardness.
  Alice felt the freedom of being alone along with the comfort of someone being by her side.
  To put it into words, Soujyuro was just that kind of person.
  That was probably the only reason Alice had been able to sleep so soundly with him there next to her.
  Soujyuro continued cooking in the kitchen, oblivious to the thoughts that went through Alice's head.
  She couldn't see him from the drawing room, but she could easily imagine him cooking in the kitchen.
"...He really is strange."
  Alice resumed reading after unwittingly stating her feelings out loud a second time.
  The sunlight beaming into the drawing room showed that it was noon.
  The sunlight actually looked warm, despite it being a cloudy winter day.
  Just as noon struck, Soujyuro returned to the drawing room with two sets of plates.
  Some food of an indescribable color was piled on the large cream-colored plates.
"This is, um..."
  She hadn't expected much.
  And since she also hadn't requested anything, she could just refuse if it was something she didn't want...
  But this "food" left her at a loss for words despite psyching herself up.
"What... is this?"
  Alice spoke as though she was terrified of what had been placed before her.
"Huh? I just put some stuff on top of stir-fried udon noodles."
  If Aoko had been there, she probably would have punched him.
  But Soujyuro just confidently placed the two large plates on the table.
  Steam billowed from the mountain of food like an angry volcano ready to erupt at any moment.
  The thick mystery sauce flowed over the plates as magma might from said eruption.
  And below it all were a seemingly infinite number of slimy tentacle-like noodles.
  There was really nothing more to say about it.
  This was clearly the food of a poor, struggling student who favored quantity over quality.
  All that was required was a basic recipe, the will to cook something, and what few ingredients were needed.
  The pile of stir-fried noodles with sauce slathered on top was so horrifically bad, it was almost an art form.
  This was a bachelor's cooking, if she'd ever seen it.
  There was really nothing else you could call it.
"..."
  She had wondered what he was doing for an hour in there, and it turned out he had been making this sauce.
  No sauce would've been fine, but Soujyuro had wholeheartedly gone the extra mile.
  Soujyuro bowed his head slightly and picked up his chopsticks.
  He had brought a fork for Alice.
"..."
  She picked up the fork and stuck it into the noodles half-drowning in sauce.
  Soujyuro began eating, not seeming to care that Alice sat there looking like she was about to eat poison.
"..."
  Seeming to view this as a challenge, Alice furrowed her brow and slowly brought the mass of noodles to her mouth.
  ...It was a little salty and ugly to look at, but it didn't taste all that bad. If anything, it was actually pretty good.
"So, I want to ask you something."
  Soujyuro put down his chopsticks and turned to speak to Alice.
"Be honest with me. Mage or not, Aozaki hasn't actually taken a life yet, has she?"
  Alice looked up quietly at the sudden question.
  She had been inspecting Soujyuro's meal, but now she looked straight at him.
"...That's a rather odd question, Sizuki."
"I know. I hate to ask you, but it's just not something I feel comfortable asking Aozaki directly. If you don't want to answer, you don't have to."
  Alice didn't respond.
  Soujyuro resumed eating, not seeming disappointed.
  Alice stared blankly at him slurping his noodles.
  After much hesitation, she replied.
"No. Just like you said, Aoko hasn't killed anyone yet.
She has been involved in that sort of thing multiple times, though."
  Alice's response was slow and measured.
  Soujyuro still looked troubled.
  But not at the conversation they were having. Rather, he looked apologetic towards Alice.
  He'd said she didn't have to answer if she didn't want to.
  But Alice kept talking despite the face he was making.
"That day you saw us in the park was the first time Aoko had ever killed anything. That was just a puppet, though."
  Soujyuro silently nodded.
  Alice narrowed her eyes at him suspiciously.
"It almost seems like you knew all of this from the beginning."
"No, not... well, maybe?
  She just says stuff like that sometimes, but it's never felt like she's ever actually killed anyone before.
  But more than that, I guess the best evidence is..."
"The fact that you're still alive?"
  Soujyuro chuckled at Alice's stellar response.
  Exactly.
  Things would have been more clear-cut that night if Aoko had actually killed someone before.
  Soujyuro would have been dead before he ever even saw her face.
  For better or for worse, Aoko remained inexperienced in spite of her ruthlessness and decisiveness.
  Soujyuro relaxed his shoulders.
  His stern face gradually returned to its normal carefree state.
  Then...
"...But even so, none of that really matters.
  That's just the way she is. She acts with reason and uses her knowledge to make up for any inexperience she might have.
  Sizuki, I think if she really felt like it, she could take another person's life, as you put it."
  And with that, Alice went back to twirling noodles around her fork.
  She looks like she's having fun, Soujyuro thought as he ruminated over what she'd just said.
  She was rational enough to accept herself despite acting against society's morals,
  and possessed of an intellect that exceeded even the confidence gained through experience.
  Had Aoko been raised to utilize her logic and reason to forge reality from fiction?
  If that was the case, then perhaps they really were different from Soujyuro.
"...I'm sorry. Can you please not tell Aozaki that I asked you this?"
  Soujyuro seemed serious, as if he really regretted asking.
  Alice's expression remained unchanged, but she had never intended on saying anything to Aoko anyway.
"Thank you. I'm not sure why, but I seem to have a lot of secret conversations with you."
  Soujyuro went back to eating his food.
  Though Alice had still only had a single bite, he was already scraping his clean.
"I already asked Aozaki this, but do the two of you always get along like that?"
"..."
  Soujyuro had suddenly decided to change the topic of conversation.
  His new topic was the rather cold and dry relationship between Aoko and Alice.
  Aoko said their relationship was normal, but maybe Alice had a different opinion.
"...If you're talking about how we rarely talk to each other, that's just what happens.
  It's convenient. It isn't something that bothers us."
  Alice was still twirling noodles with her fork as she gave her concise answer.
  Around and around the noodles went, but none made it into her mouth.
"What do you mean, 'It's convenient'? Do you mean that you're friends?"
"...Would it make things difficult for you if we didn't get along?"
  Soujyuro swallowed his words at Alice's perplexed reply.
  It would, actually, but he wasn't sure how to respond when asked so directly.
"...No, maybe I was just thinking about it the wrong way.
  I promise I won't bring it up again, so just forget I asked.
  More importantly, Alice..."
  Soujyuro gave Alice a piercing stare that was more intense than any time they'd talked before.
  Alice was taken slightly aback at the unusually intense look in his eyes.
  Her face became slightly flushed out of nervousness.
  Nobody besides Aoko had ever stared at her like this before.
  Whether or not he noticed, Soujyuro waited a few moments before speaking slowly and with complete conviction.
"If you're not going to eat that, do you mind if I have it?"
"..."
  An awkward silence followed.
"Sorry, this is mine."
  Sizuki had cooked it, sure, but Alice wasn't wrong. He had made it for her after all.
  There was a slight tinge of anger in her voice, but even she wasn't sure why it was there.
"You're right. Sorry, I shouldn't have asked."
  Soujyuro plopped himself down on the sofa.
  This must have looked particularly pathetic to Alice since she responded with,
"Umm, are there any ingredients left to cook some more?"
  She quickly covered her mouth. Apparently she had surprised even herself.
  It was quite unusual for her to ask something like that.
"Nope. I used everything and made some for Aozaki as well."
  Soujyuro stared a bit regretfully at Alice's plate as he responded.
  Alice could have just let it go, but for some reason she felt the need to speak up again.
"...But Aoko is still sleeping."
"Yeah, but I'm gonna wake her up soon, and she'd have told me to make her something anyway.
  ...Speaking of which, it's almost one o'clock. I'll go and wake her up now."
"Didn't she say she'd kill you if you woke her up?"
  Alice wasn't sure why Soujyuro was willing to take such a risk.
  Soujyuro agreed, but started walking anyway.
"Maybe so, but I feel like if I don't wake her up now, she's going to end up killing me later anyway."
  His words were surprisingly affectionate.
  Leaving Alice with only that, Soujyuro headed to Aoko's room.
  Alice watched him leave in silence before taking another bite of the stir-fried noodles.
  Glancing at the door to the hallway to make sure nobody was coming, she took another bite.
  She repeated that process many times before finishing her food. It was then that she heard Aoko's wrath coming from the second floor.
  Alice stood up and began solemnly clearing the table, feeling a bit sorry for what Soujyuro was dealing with.
  She knew she didn't really have to, but she felt like it was the least she could do for him.
  ...She'd never really expected to feel this way.
  But he'd cooked for her, and it was surprisingly good. Almost enough to make her forget how bad he was at making tea.
"Hi. Kumari from Class 2-D.
  I returned the key to the gym's storage to the faculty room."
  Only Aoko was present in the second student council room when Kojika Kumari entered.
"Oh, thank you.
  I'm almost done with this, so just have a seat there."
  Aoko was seated at a long table, surrounded by a pile of textbooks and using her pen to write rapidly.
  Strewn about the table were not school-specified notebooks, but rather papers for writing reports.
"What are you working on? Homework? Review questions?
  Looks pretty intense, whatever it is. Winter vacation just started! I mean, we have this special winter cleaning thing to do too, I guess."
"Mm, this is separate from all that. A university student I know gave me some work as a ghostwriter.
They want me to copy this old report from a few years ago verbatim for their graduate thesis."
"Tch, they've got you copying a whole book, it looks like!
  What university do they go to? Not Mizora, is it?"
  Kumari couldn't seem to hide her discomfort as she started thumbing through some of the reports next to Aoko.
  The slightly brown-tinged reports had to be at least ten years old.
"Of course they go to Mizora. I don't know students from any other university.
  Don't worry, Kuma, it's not from your brother and his crew. Aren't they all planning to stay back another year again this year anyway?"
"Can you stop calling me that? And please stop referring to them as a crew?"
  Her voice was snappy.
  Not that Aoko could judge, but this girl's unfriendliness could rival even her own at times.
  Kumari's speech was dry enough as it was, but when she got riled up about something she really let it all out.
  Apparently she got it from her father. She was trying to work on it, but it was hard to fix an old habit she had since elementary school.
"Is this even going to work with a report that old, though? Don't you think they'll notice?"
"Well, it's better than nothing, isn't it?
  They told me they marked all the out of date data and that I just need to change those numbers by looking at the textbooks."
"That's dumb. If they did all that, they could just change it themselves! How long have you been working on this?"
"Since this morning. It's really not bad money for a half day's work.
  They're paying me 10,000 yen per report."
"I can't believe the student council president actually has a side hustle like this.
  No wonder you left Tsukiji in charge."
"Right. Let's just keep this between us, shall we?"
  Kumari relaxed a bit at Aoko's pleasant response and decided to sit down in the nearest chair.
  The room was silent save for the sound of the scratching of Aoko's ballpoint pen.
  The sky was clear blue and there were boys in the rear courtyard playing baseball in their jerseys.
  With the special winter cleaning finished, it seemed they'd decided to start enjoying their free time.
"I don't know how they can stand it out there in the cold like that.
  ...Wait, those're the second-year boys."
  Said boys were playing in teams of five since they apparently could not get enough people together to play a proper game.
  It was a boring game of mostly strikeouts and poor hits, but they sure seemed to be having fun.
  Their yelling and hollering mostly consisted of bad words, surprised yells, and cackling laughter.
"Oh, of course Housuke and Sizuki are together, but Tsukiji looks like he's with them too... Are they friends?"
"Huh? Why the heck is he hanging out with the Class C crowd? Well, as long as they're done with their cleanup, they can do whatever they want I guess."
"Wow, I didn't know Tsukiji could pitch."
"He can kind of do it all.
  He's lazy, so he never accomplishes much. He can do just about anything when he puts his mind to it, though. If there's anything he's lacking, it's the ability to just be a kid sometimes."
"Hmph, you seem to know a lot about him.
  ...Are the two of you dating?"
"Seriously? I'd date you before I dated him. Give me a break.
  I'm not into the pretty boys. I need a macho man. Like that Austrian."
"What Austrian?"
"You know, the guy that starred in those barbarian movies!"
"Ohhh, so you like a chiseled jawline? I didn't know you were into the musclehead types!"
"I mean, not exclusively...
  I'm trying to say that you can't trust smooth-talking, carefree guys just because they happen to look attractive."
  They continued their conversation...
  ...one staring at the report pages and the other gazing out at the schoolyard.
  They had met in high school and soon grew to be friends who enjoyed chatting together.
"So what are your plans over the winter vacation? Wanna do something?"
"Hmm... I want to, but I'm going to be so busy. How about around the start of the new year?
  Should we invite Yamase and those other girls from Class B? I think they went up to Tokyo last winter vacation."
"They aren't really our style, are they? They'd freak if they found out what kind of stuff you're into! I wouldn't bother with them."
"Uh oh, Tsukiji allowed a hit.
Wow, it went over the fence.
Nice home run, Sizuki. He's more athletic than I thought if he managed to hit a home run off of Tsukiji like that."
"He grew up in the mountains. He's gotta be at least a little strong.
  He might beat Tobimaru for the top spot in next year's fitness check. It's a piece of cake for someone out in the mountains to walk for two hours straight. He should've been on the track team instead of swimming."
"Wow, you know a lot about him too. Maybe *he's* the one you're dating? ...Nah, can't be."
  The constant sound of Aoko's ballpoint pen moving across paper suddenly stopped.
  She stood up naturally from her seat,
 took a quick break to pour some fresh tea,
 and returned to her work without acknowledging what had been said.
"Is there anything in particular you want to do over the winter break?"
"Not really. There are a lot of movies I've been wanting to see though. I'd love to run through all the ones that don't get shown here. What about you?"
"I'm thinking of getting some winter clothes or a CD... I'd need a CD player first, though. Should be able to get one for under 30,000 yen soon."
"You like all that new stuff, don't you? CDs are just an expensive fad. They won't be around for long, I think.
  You can just rent whatever music you want and record it onto a tape for 500 yen! CDs are going the way of Betamax, you'll see."
"Really? I think CDs are going to be the new standard. If anything's going the way of Betamax, it's cassette tapes."
"No way! I'd bet anything on it! How could CDs ever be better than cassettes when you can't even record to them!"
"You're so conservative, Kuma. Watch out for when that party change happens, 'cause it always does.
But hey, I'll take that bet. I'm going to put it down here in the student council minutes. I look forward to winning ten...no, not even... five years from now!"
"Five years, huh? Sounds good. We should be finishing up college around then. You're planning on going to college in Tokyo, right? Where are you thinking exactly?"
"I haven't decided yet. I just know I definitely want to be in Tokyo."
"I'm surprised! I thought you'd have the next three years of your life completely planned by now."
  Aoko laughed dryly at the obvious jab.
  Aoko knew what direction she wanted her life to go in, but she didn't usually think too much about the details.
  Once she made a decision, she followed through with it. That was why she didn't actually write out a schedule.
"Anyway, come grab some food with me at that ramen shop in front of the station when I'm done with this.
  I'm getting hungry from all this work."
"I feel like most girls would want something sweet after doing all that work, but okay.
  I'm interested. If you come to my place, you can eat for free though. What do you say?"
"Of course! Everyone needs a good girl friend like you!"
  The girls waited patiently for winter vacation to start in the student council room.
  Their free time after school was spent through this kind of frivolous conversation.
  Aoko spent her nights as a mage and her days as a normal high school student. The conversations she had with her friends were no different from any other girls her age.
  She enjoyed both aspects of her life equally, even if one of those involved fighting against mortal enemies.
"So, Aozaki. How much are we going to wager on that bet earlier?"
"I'm not completely evil, so I'll just take ten percent of whatever savings you have at the time. I don't want to clean you out, after all."
  She wasn't lying.
  But fundamentally she was still an imp at heart.
"I just got a bad feeling all of a sudden."
  Victim A whispered quietly after sneezing.
"You catch a cold or something, Sizuki?
  Let's wrap up this game and head into town. Whaddya say?"
  This was their fourth game of five-man baseball.
  They'd gained some spectators since starting an hour ago, and were playing special rules where infield grounders were called out when caught, and home runs were rewarded with leftover sweet red-bean soup cans.
  Housuke Kinomi had gotten bored once he realized it was still going to be a while until it was his turn to play.
"Seriously? You're the one who came up with the stupid idea of playing baseball in the first place!"
"That was then, this is now!
  All these losers from Class A showed up, and I hate 'em. Can't get along with 'em at all."
"Don't worry, I don't think they like you either.
  But hey, this will be a good chance to show them up. I'll actually try to play for real if you will."
  Tobimaru calmly punched back down at Kinomi while practicing his pitching at the wall.
  He was throwing harder than usual. Maybe he was angry because of that home run he gave up earlier.
  He was in Class A and had taken on the role of captain for the other boys from Class A who showed up to play.
"Hold on. That's not entirely true.
  We actually kind of like Kinomi.
  We like how much of a spaz he is, how he'll openly rate girls on how hot they are, how he's always planning matchmaking parties... There's nobody else like him!"
  All the other boys in Class A nodded affirmatively.
"Really? Don't act like you're all about fun and games like that without telling the whole truth!
'You should host a karaoke party.' 'Oh, get together some cute girls so we can all hang out together.'
  And then what happens? You all leave me to pay the bill! And when we went to go check out the girls in the tennis club, who caught all the heat for it? Me! You think I can't tell when I'm being used?"
"What? You only figured that out now? Haha!"
"Sorry Kinomi, but thanks to you I finally got a girlfriend!
She always tells me, 'It could be worse, I could be dating Kinomi!'"
"Ugh! You guys are so lame!
  I don't need to know about that kinda shit!"
  Kinomi took his bat and swung it around as he chased after the boys in Class A. They seemed to be having fun running from him while sarcastically thanking him.
  One of Kinomi's best virtues was his ability to remain good-natured in the face of insults.
"Hahaha! You're as popular as ever, Kinomi!"
"It's a good thing he's dumb. If he was clever, he'd probably end up as some kind of criminal.
  After all that's happened though, he'd probably end up on the wrong end of Aozaki's fists. She doesn't have time to deal with someone like that!"
"You think so? ...Hm? All that's happened?"
  Soujyuro fell deep into thought.
  From the way that sounded, Kinomi seemed to have some kind of history with Aoko Aozaki.
"Have Kinomi and Aozaki ever been an 'item'?"
"An item? You mean a couple?
  You really think that idiot would have standards? There was a little incident between the two, but nothing more than that.
  Back at the school entrance ceremony. Right, Kinomi?"
  Kinomi froze and glanced back at Tobimaru's provocation.
"Oh yeah, duh! I just remember seeing this chick with a smoking bod, and before I knew it I was reaching out to touch her!
  I was like, 'Hey, so what class are you in, girl?'
  I didn't really mean to touch her like that though.
  I really tried to stop myself, but I think my brain had a major malfunction, and my hand just went for it!"
  Kinomi laughed loudly as he gazed up at the sky.
  That was all the explanation Soujyuro needed to know what really happened that day at the entrance ceremony.
"...You idiot.
How are you even still alive after that?"
"I know, right?! I thought she knocked my jaw clean off!
  It wasn't just a slap or a fist, you know? People were sayin' that it was like her foot was one of those swimboards if you dunk 'em deep in the water, shooting up to my chin like BAM!
  ...I can tell you this now, but I don't have the slightest memory of anything that happened after that!"
"..."
  Rubbing his jaw, Kinomi returned to their side, tired of wasting his energy chasing after the Class A boys.
"Anyway, enough of all that talk. Let's go do something fun!
  You can pay, Your Highness! I know you're loaded. "
"Well, I suppose I could manage a movie or something.
  There's this B-movie I really wanna see. It's one of those that's more fun to heckle than watch, but it should be fun.
  But for that I need an unsuspecting victim to watch it with me. I guess for that you'll do just fine!"
"Ugh, no way! Movies are so boring! You really think I want to just sit still and be quiet for two hours?
  I'd rather go to an arcade. Hell, I'd take being a mall rat and just hang around eating or whatever."
"...What's the difference between that and what we're doing right now?"
"Come on! It's fun to go out somewhere just to hang out!
  Or, we could start a band! British rock is really hot right now. A friend at my part-time job said anybody can play punk rock."
"Oh, is that so? Make sure it's not just some fad."
  This was the rear courtyard during winter vacation.
  Kinomi and Tobimaru spent their relaxing reprieve chattering away about nothing of much substance.
"Let's go pick up girls in front of the station, then! I bet we can get some hot older chicks too with you around.
And hey, if we're short on cash, we can get some nice ladies to spend some money on us for a change!"
"You really want to go out with a woman for their money at your age? You make my head hurt sometimes."
"Come on, I know what I want out of life!
  And I know deep down you wanna go pick up girls and have some fun with them too. Right, Sizuki?
  You can be a cute younger brother type to older women. Your Highness can just stand around.
  If all goes well, in just an hour or so we'll be having a magical winter love affair with some cute girls, like that one time, remember?!"
  Kinomi's hands were flailing around in excitement, dancing around like so many waving tentacles.
  His mind was apparently still swimming in the memories of a golden time he had once had.
  Anyway...
"Kinomi. What did you say that time?"
"Huh? Oh, you mean my surefire pickup line?
  I was like, 'Wow. You're beautiful! My dad actually owns that building over there. Do you wanna hang out and do something?'
  She ended up running off when she found out I was lying, though!"
"I'm not talking about that. I meant at the entrance ceremony."
"Oh, that!
  Well, I looked Aozaki up and down and I said,
Wow, your knockers are HUGE!
"
  He let out a loud guffaw as he recalled his story. His lack of intelligence and propriety was truly remarkable.
Or rather, mind-boggling.
  Nonetheless, Kinomi was now in high spirits after recalling this exciting memory.
  Conversely, Soujyuro was standing in complete sullen silence.
"Hm? What's wrong, Sizuki?
  Not interested in picking up girls?"
"Of course he's not! Soujyuro isn't some kind of creepy pervert like you!"
"No. I'm interested, actually.
  I see girls who I think are cute, and when they're wearing something revealing I find it hard to control where my eyes go, just like anyone else."
  His words shot through the air like a bolt of lightning.
  It was as shocking as when a kid sees the head of a character at an amusement park fall off, revealing the person inside.
"...Yeah!
  I-I guess you're right! Sorry for thinking otherwise! So you're one of us then, eh Sizuki?"
"What do you mean by 'one of us?'"
"You get excited when you see sweat rolling down the nape of a girl's neck in the summer heat, or the cute outfits the girls in the tennis club wear, or when you see a girl in a swimsuit from behind!"
"...?"
  Soujyuro's eyes were filled with question marks.
  Apparently he hadn't quite understood Kinomi's explanation.
"Come on, you know! Don't you get worked up when you see a girl our own age do something that makes her look all inviting?"
"Sure, but I'd urge you to reconsider that choice of words."
  Whether it was because Soujyuro was unsure if Kinomi was referring to someone in particular...
  ...or whether he was just concerned about how this related to himself, a troubled look washed over his face.
"Don't overthink the details! It's fine, guys our age are made up of sixty percent sex drive anyway!
  So that decides it! We're going to pick up girls! Besides, a new face might increase our luck!"
  And with that, he happily put his arm around Soujyuro's shoulders and headed off towards the train station.
"Wait just a second. This isn't right. I don't think you two are even talking about the same thing.
  Soujyuro, do you even know what he means when he's talking about 'picking up' girls?"
"Huh?"
Q: Define "pickup."
  (1) to answer a telephone call
  (2) to recite a Shakespearean work
  (3) to transport someone from one place to another
  (4) to pay someone's bill
  (5) to try and persuade someone to have a romantic relationship
"...
...Number two?"
  Wrong.
  Nine times out of ten, when a bunch of high schoolers are talking about picking up girls, they mean definition number five.
"See? Soujyuro isn't after the same thing you are, Kinomi.
  If you're looking to pick up girls, go on your own. And don't do it at Misaki Station because you'll make us all look bad. Do it at the next town over or something."
  Tobimaru waved his hand at Kinomi as if he was shooing away a pest.
  Kinomi clicked his tongue in frustration and removed his arm from around Soujyuro's shoulders.
"This is so damn boring! Fine, I'll just play stupid baseball then.
  Looks like it's our time to play anyway."
  He complained all the way to the pitcher's mound.
  Soujyuro looked on regretfully.
"Whoa, hold on. Did you really wanna go pick up girls with him?"
"Oh, not really. I just had something I wanted to do in town. There's something I've had my eye on for a while now...
  Say, Tobimaru, you know that white thing in the student council room? Do you know where I can buy one of those?"
"?"
  Soujyuro spread his arms wide, making a bizarre gesture.
  One hour later, at the department store in front of the train station...
  Tobimaru was still confused after he figured out what Soujyuro wanted to buy.
"...So, why did you want this?"
  The Kuonji Estate was surprisingly comfortable for all three of its occupants this evening.
  Maybe it was because the dinner Alice had prepared was so wonderful.
"Seven? You really had seven meals a day when you were living with your family?
  ...How is that even possible?"
  Soujyuro asked Alice this question in the sunroom from the third sofa, brought up from the mansion's basement by himself.
"It's not seven full meals. I'm just saying it's ideal to have seven tea times a day.
  An early tea after waking up, breakfast tea, elevenses after that in the morning, low tea in the early afternoon, afternoon tea, high tea in the evening, and then after-dinner tea.
  The only one that implies a meal is high tea, at least out in the countryside."
  Alice was enjoying her black tea by herself in the sunroom.
  She was drinking a royal blend:
  a fine blend of Darjeeling, Ceylon, and Assam orange pekoe tea leaves.
  To accompany her tea, she had some strawberries dipped in sugar.
  She was in a world all her own.
"So basically you just drink tea all day long?"
"Ideally, yes."
  She couldn't understand why this was so hard for Soujyuro to grasp.
  Alice picked a strawberry up with her slender fingers and carried it to her mouth as if she were going to give it a kiss.
  Soujyuro was briefly transfixed by the graceful sight, and shook his head to clear his thoughts.
  He had become slightly too sensitive to the fact that they were indeed of the opposite sex, perhaps due to his conversation earlier that day.
"But that sounds like you haven't been able to achieve your ideal seven tea times a day."
"Three was the best we could do. My partner is still in training, so that means I have to do a lot more than usual."
"Partner."
  Soujyuro turned to look to his side.
  There he saw...
"What's the deal? Three times a day is more than enough.
  Our student council just sits and sips tea quietly. Considering you have to boil water, get a teapot, and steep the tea, drinking it in the afternoon and after dinner is plenty.
  You just always do too much. Look, I like the fancy lifestyle, but I'm never going to get used to it."
  Even though Aoko was arguing, she still seemed to be in a good mood.
"Well, I'm not the one who's too fancy to drink the tap water here. I can't believe you haven't figured out how delicious Japanese tap water is yet."
"I guess we're just not as *cultured* as you. After all, we're not the type to want to have tea seven times a day.
  Be careful, Soujyuro. If you go and buy bottled water to make a nice cup of tea, she'll lecture you for an hour about how dumb and barbaric you are."
  It was true that better water should make a better cup of tea.
  That was why Aoko went out and bought bottles of natural spring water as soon as she moved into the Kuonji Estate.
  Her proud show-and-tell to Alice had led to their first petty argument.
  The two were exhausted after quarreling about something one would think wasn't nearly as significant as magecraft.
"Do you have enough energy left to cook dinner, Miss Aozaki?" Alice asked.
"...Nah. It goes against my better nature, but let's just order takeout."
  And  that had been her first time ordering from a soba noodle shop by phone.
  Their slovenly attitude toward household chores had only accelerated since then.
"After that, I looked up everything I could about tea. I asked Alice a lot of questions, and had many heated debates which led to me becoming more of a black tea person.
  Up until middle school, I was more into coffee because of my older sister."
"...Well, I'm glad you changed your mind.
  If you hadn't taken me out shopping that one time, I never would have found that antique Copeland teacup."
"Ahahaha! You're right. Last year we were all about antique shopping, weren't we?"
  The drawing room and the sunroom.
  Though they were not even in the same room, the two were enjoying a fun and lively conversation nonetheless.
  Soujyuro wondered why they didn't just sit together and chat in the drawing room since they got along so well.
  He didn't yet understand how the physical distance between them made those stories of old memories more meaningful.
"Huh. So you weren't the type to go out much, Alice?"
"That's right. She was a total indoor type. She only went out to go to school, and that's about it.
  I mean, just look at today. You've been inside the mansion all day, haven't you, Alice?"
"It's not that I'm an indoor type. I simply have no reason to go outside.
  Today I was busy replenishing the Ploys, anyway."
"About that... Do you make those things here? Like the ones at the amusement park?"
  Ever since that terrible incident, Soujyuro had been sensitive whenever Ploys came up. He'd only been worried about escaping with his life at the time, but as time passed...
'What were those mysterious things?'
  He became filled with curiosity.
"Oh, you wanna know?"
"I do, if you are willing to tell me. Uh, should I not have asked? But I am curious..."
"Fine, I'll tell you then!
  You don't mind if I give a brief rundown, do you, Alice?"
  Aoko quickly recrossed her legs in anticipation.
"...Doesn't matter to me.
  As long as you talk about the difference between me and you, that's perfectly fine."
"All right, it's settled then!
  ...Now what's with that look on your face? You're the one who brought it up."
"Ah, no, it's just that... Umm..."
  Soujyuro diverted his eyes at Aoko's direct stare.
  Soujyuro and Aoko currently only spent time together after dinner. Every once in a while, however, he would catch a glimpse of some innocent gesture of hers and wouldn't know how to respond.
"It's nothing. Keep going. I'm interested."
"Great. Let's get started then. For this, I'll need to call in my robin!
  Today in this special class you're going to learn all about Ploy Kickshaws!"
  Aoko snapped her fingers.
  Apparently she was trying to mimic turning on the switch to a TV.
  It was a veritable TV special.
  That's how a lecture about a certain brand of magecraft, performed and directed by Alice Kuonji, first aired.
  Unfortunately...
  The special production was cancelled only thirty minutes after it began.
  Apparently, the content had been a little too esoteric for Soujyuro.
"...I knew this would happen.
  Sizuki probably has the worst memory in the universe."
  She almost said he was better off dead, but  took a deep breath to avoid being hurtful.
"I'm sorry, Alice. I feel for you on this one.
  I've no idea how he can reduce our magecraft down to 'amazingly convenient.' If any other mage heard that, they'd faint from the pure insult of it."
  Aoko was exasperated;
  she also felt some measure of regret.
  She should've realized this would be the outcome.
"That's not true at all. I can tell the difference between your magecraft.
  Aozaki just breaks stuff. Alice makes things to break stuff with. Therefore, Alice is a little more productive."
"This is scary, Aoko. It hurts. There's a pain in my chest and I don't know what to do with it.
  This feels like when someone breaks your favorite teacup and tries to cheer you up by saying that at least there wasn't a troll in the kitchen."
"What's *that* supposed to mean?"
  Aoko glared at Alice sitting across from her.
  Alice had alluded to a fairy tale about a less-than-intelligent giant who lived under a bridge.
"...Hmph. I think Soujyuro's observation was pretty accurate though, to be honest.
I've never seen your Ploys doing anything to help around here. The robin and the twins both only mess things up."
"You're only looking at the final outcomes. They are at least *trying* to help. It's not my responsibility that they only end up ruining things."
  Both girls were now just intent on calling the other out.
  It seemed neither wanted to admit their own shortcomings when it came to magecraft.
  Even when it came down to a silly argument about who was the worst at breaking things.
"But wait, Alice's familiar does help out sometimes.
  I saw a pig in the woods picking up leaves before. If that's your familiar, then why don't you tell Aozaki?
  Though I guess Mr. Yamasiro did try to teach us that it's good to be humble and not brag..."
"..."
  Alice had simply sent the Chatty Twins out into the forest to break them in, as it were. To Soujyuro, this had seemed like a good deed.
  Aoko was visibly getting more fed up with this conversation since Soujyuro had decided Alice was the victor here.
"Hmph. You think cleaning is productive? I guess you can't see the bigger picture."
"The bigger picture?
 Like making money or something?"
"?!"
"Urgh..."
  The two girls both tried to remain calm in face of such a direct question.
  Even a fool could think of a good idea sometimes.
"...You know, I've never thought about that.
  Magecraft has always been something that only brings loss."
  Alice nodded affirmatively.
"So... What are you thinking?
  How do you think my magecraft can make us money?"
"Hmm, let's see... For you, maybe you could use it to catch tuna or something?"
"..."
  Silence.
  Aoko adjusted the position of her crossed legs.
"Why tuna, exactly?"
  She asked this question seriously.
"Ah, I just heard they fetch a really high price at the morning fish market.
  But they're hard to catch. They're huge, but they can swim at high speeds."
"Well, they are one of Earth's greatest predator fish, and one of the most popular types of sushi. I heard they travel at an average speed of 38 miles per hour and can reach a max speed of 112 miles per hour if need be."
"You're good at swimming, aren't you, Aozaki? Couldn't you swim and catch one?"
"What does that have to do with magecraft?
  Even if I could hit one with a magic bullet, it would be too damaging. I'm only good at speeding things up, not stopping things. What about you, Alice?"
"I rather hate fish."
  Alice quietly added that some of them were oddly interesting to her, so she wouldn't feel comfortable harming them.
  Aoko shrugged her shoulders, throwing that idea to the side.
"Anyway, are you trying to start a fight or something, Sizuki?"
"S-Sorry... I may have been m-mocking you... just a little..."
  The collar around his neck tightened for a good five seconds.
  It was as tight as a sleeper hold.
"So I guess we can only count on Aozaki to do violent things... How about you, Alice?  
You haven't said anything, so I guess you're opposed to using magecraft for profit?"
"...It's not really about liking it or not. Having money is always a good thing. If there's something Aoko can do while also evading the watching eyes of the Association, I'm all for it."
"So I'm the only one sticking my neck out?!
  Isn't there something your Ploys can do? Like, I don't know, a hippo that eats dirt and turns it into gold or something?!
  You know, like alchemists who spent day and night researching how to make gold in the middle ages!"
"Alchemists were a waste of time and money.
  ...Granted, in some cases they used the wealth of the rich to discover new technologies, so it wasn't all bad.
  For example, this Meissen porcelain was the product of a desperate alchemist who boasted the ability to create gold."
  Alice ran a finger along the edge of the teacup in her hand.
"I guess there's nobody more unreliable than an alchemist then, huh? I hear the alchemists in Prague deal in securities, and the ones in Egypt make weapons now."
"Right? I got my hopes up a little, but our kind should honestly never deal with the real world. We're too specialized in Mystics."
"I've heard that a noble mage family in London has abandoned their traditions and is only taking in disciples for finance now.
  It's only a rumor, but apparently the leader of this big financial group drank the blood of all their employees to create a shared information network.
  Supposedly he became a vampire so that his employees would all be mentally linked, creating the world's only financial group without internal conflict."
"...Sounds extreme. But I guess that's the lengths you have to go to if you want to make money from magecraft.
  Hey, what if your Ploys started their own amusement park?"
  Soujyuro clapped his hands together in excitement.
"That's a great idea! I've had enough of getting attacked, but in an amusement park that would be a huge hit for sure!"
"You mean you want my Ploys to be some kind of show or exhibit?"
"I bet it would actually be popular. You could just tell everyone they're robots, and they would definitely believe you."
"No way, Aoko. Bring this up again and we're through."
"Oof, you're actually mad. All right, Soujyuro. That's it for the amusement park idea. No point losing a friendship over it."
  Aoko backed down after Alice's cold rejection of the idea.
  The small talk continued, but the girls grew more distant as they tried to avoid further conflict.
  Soujyuro looked at the two with a perplexed expression.
"Hold on, there's something I really have to ask about now."
"What is it?"
"It's just, you guys were both trying to seriously kill each other at that amusement park, weren't you?
  How were you able to stay friends after that?"
  It was certainly a rude question to ask.
  But it was also an obvious thing to ask. Aoko and Alice looked at each other as they thought of the answer.
  The stared at each other for about two seconds.
"Hmm... It happens, I guess?"
"Yeah, these things happen."
"They do?!"
  Though their friendship was surprisingly lighthearted...
  ...it also seemed to be forged from bonds harder than steel.
  Their long and extended tea party had just started to get going when Soujyuro had to leave.
  He didn't really want to since he was enjoying himself, but he couldn't miss his part-time job.
"It's rare for us to talk for two hours like this.
  You were unusually chatty today, Alice."
"I had to be. Sizuki kept asking you questions, and you kept putting them off onto me.
  I don't even understand why he's so concerned with what we do all day anyway."
"I don't know, I think it was actually a helpful conversation."
"Huh?"
  Soujyuro was carrying something down the hallway, ignoring Aoko's surprise.
  It was a large whiteboard, much like the one in the student council room.
  On the shiny new board was written,
  Chores List
        - Mansion cleaning (1F east wing only)
        - Breakfast
        - Dinner
        - Cleaning the bath
"I knew there had to be some reason you were asking so many questions!"
"Right. If you want to correct something, you need to first find out what's broken, right?
  Well, based on tonight's conversation, you both have at least one hour of free time a day. Since all three of us share the kitchen, I think it's best if we assign a rotation. You both need to help out where you can."
  Soujyuro was clearly proud of his attempt at making things better around here.
"Wait just a second. Didn't I make it clear that I'm just letting you live here and don't have any intention to help with things like this?"
"You did, yes.
  But if you can ask me to make dinner for you while I'm cooking for myself, then it's only fair that you reciprocate.
  Plus, if all three of us pitch in, I think we can eat better food in general."
"Urgh."
  Soujyuro's words pierced Alice's heart. She knew she had asked him to make dinner for her on many occasions.
  It was a carefully planned attack designed to make her repent for her sins, and she knew it.
"Even so, do we really need an entire whiteboard? We always managed without writing any chores down before..."
  Alice nodded her agreement.
  There was nothing less reliable in this world than a verbal promise.
  Even if they didn't say so, Soujyuro could tell by the look on their faces that they intended to skip out on whatever task they were assigned to do.
"No way. If you want things to be done right, then everyone needs to know their responsibilities. If we write it down like this, then nobody will have an excuse to forget."
"Urrrggghhh..."
  Aoko recoiled at this new development.
  She couldn't tell if Soujyuro was just being nice, or if he was saying he wouldn't tolerate any slackers.
"...I can't believe you're making us sign off on these specific responsibilities like this."
  Alice was absolutely terrified at the prospect of daily chores.
"So that settles it. Tomorrow we'll figure out who to assign to which tasks. I know this is going to be difficult for you two, so I'll take on the majority of tasks myself for the time being."
  And with that, Soujyuro left.
  The two girls left behind could only sit and stare, stunned at the shiny new whiteboard.
"This is like a dog biting the hand that feeds it. I never knew he was so brazen."
"I knew. I knew it from the moment I met him."
  But now it was too late. They'd already been caught in the trap.
  Just this morning, Aoko had received a portion of the salad Soujyuro prepared.
  She knew it would be wrong for her to veto the idea of them all helping each other out.
  The concept of dividing up specific chores made perfect sense to Aoko, after all.
  Even so, she wanted to be able to tip the ratio of chores in her favor, at least sometimes.
"...Aoko, I already know what you're thinking."
"I'm sure you do.
  Because I'm pretty sure we're both thinking the same thing."
  Aoko sighed as she grabbed the whiteboard. She was going to hang it up in the kitchen so that they could all see it.
  Alice was still staring at the whiteboard blankly.
"...I just hope he doesn't add any new chores to the list."
  She would come to regret ever saying those words.
  No matter how busy one is, any person living within human means is certain to have at least some free time.
  Before or after eating, for example.
  It's difficult to eliminate the time required to prepare a meal and the time after one finishes eating.
  This is particularly the case for those who do a lot of thinking.
  Since the body needs to use energy to digest after eating, there's less available for the brain to use...
"That brand was named after the Greek goddess Nike, right?
  I guess it represents winning in sports, since she was the goddess of victory."
"You've got a lot fillin' your head about these brands, Miss Aoko. Don't know where ya put it all!"
  The studious resident of the mansion was now taking refuge on the sofa, looking exhausted.
  Aoko was talking to the robin perched on the table.
  The blue bird flapped its wings, doing its best to join in on the after dinner conversation.
  Alice was reading in the sunroom.
  Discussion of how to deal with the encroaching enemy mage wouldn't start for at least another thirty minutes.
"So you fink
  that other one is sum play on adios?"
"It's just a name, isn't it?
  It's like the Grimm Fairy Tales where they just used the name of the brothers who came up with it for the brand name."
"The brothers Grimm didn't make up those fairy tales.
  They're a collection of folk tales passed down by oral tradition. The brothers rewrote and carefully compiled them into proper stories. They're more like scholars than craftsmen in that sense.
  ...And in some sense, kind of like con men."
"Huh. Well what about Andersen? The Little Mermaid and Thumbelina are super famous. Oh, and The Ugly Duckling!"
"I personally like The Emperor's New Clothes. Me 'n 'im got a lot in common."
"Andersen was more of a writer than a scholar.
  His creativity is said to have been inspired by everything from the elite and wealthy, to the common people and what makes them happy, to a resentment of the female image. He didn't write from intellectual curiosity, but rather from his own emotions."
"I hate to explain it this way, but...
  If Mother Goose is a song, the brothers Grimm tell a story. Andersen is more like a fable or an allegory."
"Some of their stories are now cartoons!
  Anyway, Aoko, you know the dicky bird behind that Japanese sportswear name?"
"Hmm, I heard this once from a friend of mine in elementary school, so I don't know if it's true or not.
  They were formed from a merger of three separate companies. So the name comes from the Japanese word for foot, ashi, and the number six, since the three CEOs would have six feet when together. It's probably just a myth."
"..."
  Alice had dropped her book on the floor of the sunroom and was biting her lip.
  She was clearly trying to feign calm and to breathe as if nothing had happened.
  She thought she was doing a convincing job of it.
"...I really don't understand her sense of humor or why she thinks that was so funny."
"Hmm, maybe it wasn't funny at all, and she's all marbles and conkers 'bout how unfunny it was?
I mean, Alice usually smiles even when she's angry. I've seen it. Whenever I half inch her diary to have a look at it, that's always the look she's givin'.
She's like, 'Look at that again, and I'll kill you!' But I can't help it! I wanna read it! If you take my curiosity away from me, I've got nofink left!"
  The robin felt compelled to give a counter-argument for some reason.
  Aoko let out a sigh. Even Alice sympathized with her over the difficult familiar.
"I'm home! Oh, you're both here today."
  It was at this time that Soujyuro returned.
  He must have just gotten home from his part-time job.
"Welcome back!"
"..."
  Aoko's warm welcome was quite the opposite from the faint response from the sunroom.
"I already ate dinner, so I don't need anything to eat tonight.
  I'm gonna go take a nap before my night job."
  Soujyuro still gave Alice a wave as he left.
  The dull thud of something dropping was heard as he entered the hallway.
"Hey! You dropped something!"
  Aoko peeked out from the sofa to yell for Soujyuro.
"Ah, it's been in my pocket this whole time."
  Soujyuro calmly and naturally walked back to pick up what looked to be some kind of envelope.
  Perhaps it was instinct, but...
  The human eye was drawn to motion, even if it was something one had no personal interest in.
  Aoko keenly followed Soujyuro's hand with her eyes...
"Aha!"
(A wad of cash!)
  She had to restrain herself from shouting her thoughts out loud as she leaped up from the sofa.
"Huh? What's wrong, Aozaki?"
"Eh, umm, that's err..."
  Aoko found it difficult to come up with a proper response to the pure, innocent eyes staring back at her.
  She was ashamed at how she had jumped up at the enticing sight of so much money.
"I-It's nothing!
  I just forgot that today was pay day... You're earning a lot more than I thought."
  There was an awkward pause before Soujyuro smiled and returned back to his room.
"?"
  Aoko sat back down on the sofa, still feeling a bit awkward.
  ...This was what set it all off.
  It began a series of events that the robin would later name "The Dosh Affair."
  It was the next day, and around the same time as the previous day's incident.
  Aoko was coming to pour some tea and relax when she heard Soujyuro and the robin engaged in some kind of debate in the drawing room.
"What they mean is that you should try to be kind in some way every time you meet someone. Then, when that day ends, you need to take time to reflect on what that kindness has brought you.
  Even if it's just a kind word, it might mean a lot to someone and could bring great and unexpected happiness your way."
"Ah, so that's why you gave me some beef jerky?
  Are you sure that wasn't just a bribe? I can see right through you, lad!"
  Soujyuro's serious demeanor was more like a consultation or a proposal than it was idle chatter.
"Well, I guess he's just being a weirdo like normal..."
  Aoko decided to ignore what was going on in the drawing room and head straight for the sunroom.
  There, she saw Soujyuro's coat on the chair.
"Soujyuro, you've just left your coat here!
  Take this to the coat rack in the drawing room or back to your..."
  She stopped herself mid-sentence.
  She could see the same kind of envelope that Soujyuro had dropped on the ground yesterday inside his coat pocket.
  And it was even thicker than the one she saw the day before.
"H-Hmm."
  She wouldn't allow herself to make a spectacle about it like she did yesterday.
  She reminded herself that she was a model student and student council president.
"A-Anyway, it's time for some tea."
  Feigning disinterest, she listened in on the conversation going on in the drawing room.
  Soujyuro was still in deep conversation with the robin. Perhaps he hadn't heard her calls.
"Everyone feels lonely in a city.
  Acts of kindness, even if they look like they are done for selfish reasons at first, can do real good in the long run."
"I see... And it don't cost a thing to be kind to people! I'm tryin' to help people as much as I can now!"
"True, though they say nothing in life is truly free."
"Hahaha! So which is it then, o wise one?"
"..."
  Aoko was so intent on eavesdropping, she'd completely forgotten that she'd come to pour a cup of tea.
  There was no way she could ignore such a suspicious conversation.
"Well, let me put it this way. If you want to be happy, you must first be hated.
  People shouldn't care if they're called a scam artist, for example. They just need to realize that what they're doing is for the good of others.
The joy you give to others will cancel out the sense of guilt you might feel."
"I've heard somefink like that, but what you're saying's different."
  Aoko agreed with the robin in this case.
  Soujyuro was referring to the words of a famous entrepreneur,
"If we want to find happiness, let's stop thinking about gratitude or ingratitude and give for the inner joy of giving."
  That was the actual quote.
"In other words...
  People should not save up their wealth. Instead, they are bound to administer it to help their company prosper."
"I know that one, too. But you've got it all dodgy this time."
  Aoko was becoming upset with how much she was agreeing with the robin at this point.
  This was a quote from an even more famous entrepreneur,
"Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community."
  This was how that one was supposed to go.
"The only thing you can trust in life is money.
  Even if you're married with children, it's not like they're always going to be by your side. They could die in an unfortunate accident and leave you behind.
  Money is different. You can't buy happiness, but happiness can bring you wealth. They said that as long as you have the kindness of others and a warm bed to sleep in, you don't need anything else."
"Whatever he's talking about is not like him at all..."
  Though his words were a bit strange and worrisome, Aoko couldn't spend much time worrying about it.
  She didn't have the capacity to worry about anyone else right now.
  Her battle with the enemy mage was always lurking just beneath the surface.
"This isn't any of my business anyway."
  Aoko shrugged it off and turned her attention away from the drawing room.
  She told herself that she would forget about all this commotion by tomorrow anyway.
"I'm hooooome!"
  Soujyuro was back from his job with a smile on his face again today.
  Work truly was its own reward.
  His mood was infectious, and Aoko smiled back while relaxing on the sofa.
"Hey, welcome home.
  Take a load off. You've been working since noon today, haven't you?
I'll go start making something for di―
 What...?"
  Her smile suddenly turned frigid.
"Hm? What's wrong, Aozaki? You look like you just heard one of Kinomi's jokes."
"Don't play dumb with me! I can't keep quiet about this any longer!
  Empty your pockets. Right now!"
"Err..."
  Soujyuro reached in and pulled out the contents of his pockets without knowing why he was being scolded.
  He placed the now all too familiar brown envelope on the table.
  It was far too thick to be any normal envelope.
  Bright and enticing, it was imbued with a enchanting aura all its own...
  There was nothing else it could be than a stack of cash.
"Well. What do we have here?"
  Alice innocently asked Soujyuro.
  She was a bit dazzled at the sight, but there was no mistaking it for an illusion.
"It's my pay from my part-time job."
"Well isn't that nice? Looks like dinner is on you tomorrow, then."
  The two remained calm, despite the abnormally large wad of cash before them.
  That being said, the one with the most common sense in the house finally had to speak up.
"I know you're lying! Soujyuro, you kneel right here and explain to me what is going on!"
  She knew more than anyone how serious this was.
"Huh? Explain what?"
"Explain where you got this money!
  What the hell are you doing to earn this kind of cash? There's no way it's anything legal!"
"It really is fine!
  This new job I got is at least not illegal. And if I do it properly, it's not dangerous at all.
  It pays better than the convenience store, and it's easy enough that even I can handle it without a problem."
  Unbelievable.
  Aoko was just about dizzy with rage by this point.
(At least not illegal.)
  That's like when an obviously drunk person tries to contend that they are indeed quite the contrary.
"Use your brain! What kind of part-time job pays out more and more money exponentially every day?
  Tell us exactly what you're doing! You are being scammed! You have to be!"
  Soujyuro kept his mouth shut.
  He didn't seem to be too threatened by Aoko's reprimands.
"Sorry, I can't. Not even to you. It's not really something I'm supposed to talk about.
  But please, don't worry. It's honestly something that helps people. I've only met the person who recommended me for the job once, and I'm always paid in cash."
"You bumpkin! All of that sounds suspicious as hell!"
  Aoko stamped her foot in frustration.
  But who could blame her after hearing the standard lines for a scam: "it's a new job," "the pay is good and anyone can do it," and "I'm not supposed to talk about it."
  Despite all that...
  Soujyuro was still refusing to spill the beans.
  They hadn't known each other for that long, but Aoko was well aware of Soujyuro's personality.
  *Steadfast* explained him well. Once he made a decision, nothing could make him change his mind about it.
  At times like this, it was near impossible to get him to talk.
"Argh... You really are making this difficult..."
  Aoko backed off, realizing it would be a challenge to get him to say anything at this point.
  Soujyuro couldn't figure out what was upsetting her.
"Why are you so mad?"
  Aoko decided to give up on getting anything useful out of him.
"There's just no job in the world like that. It's too good to be true. You agree, right, Alice?"
"Hmm, I suppose. I'm not sure what Aoko is trying to say, but I think you can do more, Sizuki."
  And so, Alice contributed absolutely nothing useful.
"...Ugh."
  Aoko collapsed onto the sofa.
"Aozaki..."
"It's fine. I know you don't want to talk about it.
  And when it comes down to it, you're just a roommate. There's no point in me trying to tell you what to do with your life."
  Aoko shooed Soujyuro away with her hand.
  Unfortunately, she wasn't going to be able to sit there and stew like she wanted to.
  She couldn't just ignore this problem like Alice.
"He's clearly being scammed. In the end, it's going to affect me too if I don't do something about it..."
  She needed to be bold and make him quit this new job of his immediately.
  It was what a true friend would do,
  and it was also her duty as the student council president.
"..."
  However...
  Aoko started to think otherwise.
  Morals and a clear conscience were important, sure, but for a student living solely off of their parents' generosity, that kind of money was hard to pass up!
"...Right. So, even if I do get him to quit the job, it would be a total waste for him to just give all that money up...
Guess I'll have to approach this from a different angle..."
  The wicked, scheming student council president sank deeper into the sofa.
  Her ability to play things by ear and her miserly nature were both her strongest and weakest points.
  The next day, noon.
  Aoko waited until her roommates were gone, then picked up the phone in the foyer.
"Hey, Tobimaru? Soujyuro's gotten himself into something recently. Does anything ring a bell?"
  The sound of the first train leaving the station could be heard far off in the distance.
  This was that time of morning when the town was deciding if it felt like waking up or not.
  Tobimaru Tsukiji was having a walk down the city streets at sunrise, enjoying the fresh, crisp morning air.
"This town really is beautiful when it isn't swarming with people."
  The crowds had become a common complaint of Tobimaru's.
  To him, the tacky, over-decorated street corners were the embodiments of human desire.
  At this time of day, the streets were nothing like the circus tent of activity they usually were.
  The main street was completely empty.
  It was like a lonely, tranquil morning after a festival.
  Weary men in black were busy cleaning up and restoring order in the bars after the previous night's revelry.
  Around the back entrance of the local restaurants, the kitchen crew were busy bringing in their daily ingredients while stifling back tired yawns.
  Birds carelessly wandered the streets.
  There wasn't even the sound of a single car engine to be heard.
  This was a uniquely refreshing sensation that could only be felt from a city morning.
  It existed somewhere between daily life and exciting entertainment.
  This was the only time of day when the bustling modern world stepped aside for a slower, more nostalgic pace.
"...Tch. 'Kay."
  Tobimaru searched through his coat pockets, but only found some old receipts.
  He rearranged the scarf around his neck to keep the cold wind at bay.
  Meandering through the city streets, he'd ended up at Central Park just as the morning magic began to fade.
  His stroll had no particular purpose.
  It wasn't for his health or anything like that.
  He was merely making his way home after a night out on the town.
"What the hell am I even doing?"
  Tobimaru had a moment of unabashed self-reflection as he drank a can of vending machine coffee.
  He didn't particularly hate partying all night long, but it was pretty boring since he still wasn't old enough to drink alcohol.
  He'd been at it for a few days now, thinking it was at least better than being at home, but he was quickly growing bored of it.
"I suppose it's only natural for relatives to get together at New Year's, though."
  He grinned wryly at his own lame excuse.
  It was true that he was out wasting time like this because he didn't really have a place to go home to at the moment.
  The Tsukiji family always had a congregation of relatives over on New Year's Day, as per his grandfather's orders.
  This was why his siblings and other relatives had been staying over at the Tsukiji home for a few days now.
  If Tobimaru was there, he'd just provide fuel for the fire.
  He'd decided to avoid the family drama and not go home while everyone was there.
  They'd just greet him with insults, anyway.
  And if someone tried to start a fight, he knew he wouldn't be able to resist the bait.
  It would only cause even more resentment and trouble for his father.
  So, for Tobimaru, there was nothing more pointless or less enticing than getting involved in his siblings' squabbles over the inheritance.
  Tobimaru Tsukiji was the fifthborn son to the Tsukiji family, which owned multiple plots of land in Misaki City.
  However, most of that land had been acquired after the war. Before that, they had been a minor noble family on the brink of ruin.
  The man who built the Tsukiji family into its current glory was Kimikuni Tsukiji, Tobimaru's grandfather and the current patriarch.
  Kimikuni married into the struggling Tsukiji family and saved them after they lost all their power during the war.
  The Tsukiji clan were local Shinto clergy and relied upon Kimikuni's financial assets.
  Kimikuni, on the other hand, had leveraged clan connections to establish himself in Misaki City.
  While both parties came together for mutual gain, the Tsukiji family failed to recognize just how ambitious Kimikuni was when they accepted him into their family.
  He wasn't the obedient son-in-law they had imagined. He had grand plans of his own, growing and developing industries within Misaki City and many other areas as well.
  Kimikuni controlled all of these areas not as a member of the Tsukiji family, but under his own name.
  A castle's greatest defense was its moat, not the walls. And Kimikuni bridged the moat.
  It was the economic equivalent of starving out the enemy.
  Kimikuni's financial might subdued the noble Tsukiji family completely.
  In less than ten years, there was no one in the family who could stand up against him.
  This businessman, accepted into the family as a mere son-in-law, had seized the Tsukiji name and the entirety of the family fortune.
  However, Kimikuni had fathered many children.
  He would not allow the Tsukiji bloodline to die out. That was also the only way to maintain the family fortune.
  His three sons and one daughter all married relatives of the Tsukiji family, thus strengthening the familial bonds that Kimikuni had weakened.
  Tobimaru was the fifth son of Hitoyoshi Tsukiji, Kimikuni's eldest son.
  However, his mother was not a member of the family.
  Tobimaru was the result of a fling with a mistress.
  That ignoble birth defined his place in the family.
  He was his father's love child.
  Although the family's dignity was somehow maintained since he was the son of Hitoyoshi, it wasn't difficult to imagine the level of mistreatment Tobimaru faced from his siblings and other relatives.
  Being raised in such a hostile environment made Tobimaru grow up far faster than he should have.
  His ability to think quickly and objectively was honed naturally within this challenging environment.
  However, those exact traits also brought Tobimaru a great deal of trouble.
  Kimikuni Tsukiji.
  Unfortunately, against all odds, this great leader of the Tsukiji family favored Tobimaru over everyone else, including his own eldest son.
  Since Kimikuni had been a commoner himself, he did not believe in blood inheritance alone.
  To make matters worse, not a single coin from his great fortune had been given to any of his sons yet.
"The most loathsome thing in this world is the blood of the Tsukiji family.
  I never would have had any of you if I could have helped it."
  Those words were spoken at every family gathering, and they were the absolute truth.
  He'd taken a liking to Tobimaru after speaking with him at these annual family gatherings and enjoyed playing chess with him in his spare time ever since.
  Everyone in the family was worried Kimikuni would name Tobimaru his successor.
  In this way, Tobimaru had gone from being worthless to a threat in the eyes of Kimikuni's sons.
  The son who felt the most fear and hatred was Tobimaru's own father, Hitoyoshi, who would have been the unquestionable heir as the eldest son.
  And this was how Tobimaru became estranged from his father.
  They no longer even lived in the same house.
  Hitoyoshi always acted like they had a great father-son relationship in front of Kimikuni, but that would only last until his father was no longer around or until Tobimaru was officially named the heir.
  When that happened, it would be all-out war.
  In any case, it would not be a pleasant story.
"Grandpa really has a hard time reading between the lines sometimes..."
  Tobimaru scratched his head in frustration.
  He really wasn't all that worried, though.
  In public, it looked like they had a good father-son relationship.
  In private, they were in the midst of a bitter inheritance dispute.
  Things had always been that way, even before he met Kimikuni.
  The only difference was that his sole protector, his father, was now his mortal enemy.
  Tobimaru had always been at odds with his family. His father was just one more enemy to add to that pile.
  Staying out all night like this was Tobimaru's way of avoiding his family.
  If he was home, he knew they would try to gauge his feelings.
  However, they wouldn't openly attack him now.
  Even the relatives who looked down on him and his siblings who had bullied him as a child.
  The worst they would do was make snide remarks.
  Tobimaru was, at his core, a peaceful person,
  who preferred to avoid trouble whenever possible.
  Petty revenge or even stepping up to Kimikuni's expectations weren't on his to-do list.
  His father's worries were unfounded, his relatives were getting riled up for no reason, and Tobimaru had no intention of stepping out of his role as the prodigal son.
  However, his siblings who were around the same age as him held a different kind of resentment.
  Perhaps they felt guilty for tormenting him all those years. Perhaps it was the result of their roles being reversed.
"He's going to get back at us one day."
  They lived in such fear of this that they didn't dare ignore Tobimaru.
"I'm not good at dealing with all that talking behind my back.
  If they'd just confront me like Aozaki, it might at least be interesting."
  His family problems were simply a chore. They never really worried him much.
  He was used to human malice,
  although he'd nearly died from the physical abuse of his siblings.
  Even though someone had once tried to kill him with true murderous intent.
  Even though he had been exposed to how the elite, untouchable class of society treated others by his eldest brother.
  It was all such a pain in the ass.
  These were all events that would change a person's outlook on life, but he always remained coolheaded.
  That was just how things were for Tobimaru.
  He had grown bored of his relatives getting worked up over everything.
"...Eh, I guess everyone is different.
  I do sympathize with my dad. You'd have to be tough to be the son of that old man."
  Tobimaru honestly could not care less about who would be the next heir.
  He had no clear plans for the future yet.
  His only real goal was to wash his hands of his family and start fresh when he became an adult.
  Until then, everything that happened was a life experience.
  He continued his morning walk, thinking it was better to enjoy the nightlife now while he was still young.
"Huh?"
  Someone was already sitting on the bench when Tobimaru entered the plaza.
  The crows gathered there flew off at his approach.
  On the bench sat a girl dressed in black.
  A well-dressed old man with a cane sat with her.
"..."
  These were familiar faces, so he approached the bench to say hello.
  The old man and girl looked as if they were grandfather and granddaughter.
  He seemed like a kind old man spending time with his grandchild.
  However, the truth was...
"Alice, I still don't understand what went wrong.
  We provided every service we could think of. We always thanked our employees and greeted visitors with a smile.
  But the times haven't favored me. What's worse, my art was outright rejected!"
"I'll never forgive them! Those media vultures can die, for all I care!
  How dare they call them nightmarish creatures! Why, they only wish they could dream up such mascots!
But give them a mouse that walks on two legs, and they fawn over it!
  If you really think about it, a rodent that owns a dog as a pet? That's a nightmare! How can an animal keep another animal as a pet? If anything, an animal should keep a human as a pet! Don't you think?!"
  Actually...
  This poor young woman was getting an earful from this old man.
After his outburst, he paused for a moment.
"I'm sorry. I forgot myself."
  He scolded himself and hung his head.
"Just answer me this, Alice. What was so wrong with my Kitsy?"
"Horns. You should have given it horns."
  The girl in black returned the old man's solemn bow with a grim answer of her own.
"No, no, no! Horns won't do! A kid could get injured by something like that. I don't want to harm them physically, just mentally!"
  The girl nodded deeply, thinking over the implications of what this old man had just said.
"...Anyway."
  Tobimaru didn't really want to get involved, but he was already too close.
  If he passed by without saying anything, the old man would certainly make a fuss.
"Good morning. Isn't it a bit early for so much regret, Mr. Tokitsu? Seems it's about time you passed on to a better place and stopped worrying your kids."
"Well, well, well! If it isn't the Tsukiji's bratty black sheep.
  Morning, Toby. You're up early, as usual."
"I'm just heading home after being out all night. I don't live a healthy lifestyle like you two.
  And good morning to you too, Miss Kuonji."
  The girl looked up calmly at Tobimaru's greeting.
  It was none other than the witch on the hill, Alice Kuonji.
"Hm. How long has it been since we really talked? Maybe it was at that party two years ago? Well, it's rare to see you out like this."
"That's not true. I walk through the park at this time of morning quite often, actually."
"Huh, that's kind of surprising. I always thought of you as kind of a shut-in."
"As proof, I can say I've seen you walking around here looking like a mess on many an occasion.
Whatever you do is your business, just try not to cause any trouble for Aoko."
"Thank you for the words of caution. I will do my best."
  Despite their casual greeting, Tobimaru and Alice rarely interacted, though their fathers were acquainted.
  Even so...
  The histories and spheres of influence of the two families were very different.
  Though the Tsukijis held sway in Misaki City, the Kuonjis influenced the whole of Japan.
  Normally, someone like Tobimaru would not be in the same social circles as Alice.
  The only reason they could interact like this at all was because they were both friends with Aoko Aozaki.
"Huh, I didn't realize you and Alice were friends, Toby.
  W-Wait a second. You're not *dating*, are you?!
  Don't tell me. If that's true, I'll die of a heart attack right here and now. You'd be the murderer, and Alice would be your weapon.
  Be sure to write that down as my cause of death.
  O, say it isn't so! This heartless love shall be the cause of my demise...!"
"So tell me again why a girl like you hangs around with this pathetic old man?
  Is it the same reason I do? Because of your father?"
"He's my pen pal.
  He has more antiques than he can handle, so Aoko and I are taking some off his hands."
  Despite this being one of the only times they'd really talked, Tobimaru and Alice both manage to completely ignore the old man.
"Hahaha! Oh, Alice, even the way you hide your embarrassment is charming.
  By the way, you can call me Julich."
  Mr. Tokitsu gently took Alice's hand.
  Alice face remained neutral, like a doll's.
"Tokie, I'm looking for a nice painted teacup. Something from the 1900s, maybe from Dresden?"
"I have just the thing! I'll be sure to bring it out for you next time you come by with that terrifying friend of yours."
  He responded to her request like an obedient marionette.
"You know, I'm surprised you haven't ruined yourself looking for love in all the wrong places, old man."
  You see...
  This old man was none other than Yurihiko Tokitsu. He was famous in Yashirogi as the former head of the Tokitsu Baking Company with factories all across Japan. He still served as an adviser.
"Who are you calling old? An artist is only old when he's lost his sensibility. My fire hasn't burned out yet.
I'm so young, it's almost stifling! I still look forward to passionate chats with a young woman.
  Hahaha! Once you get my age, you stop giving a damn about keeping up appearances. Talking to girls is what gives meaning to life."
"So wait, are you young or old?"
"Oh, a slip of the tongue. Forget that last bit.
  What I'm trying to say here is that there's nothing quite like having a nice time with a young woman.
I'm sure we can at least agree on that, can't we, Toby?"
"Don't lump me in with you. I like older women.
  I definitely don't have a thing for girls who are less than half my age, I can tell you that much."
"I should hope not. That'd be quite the crime.
  You're only seventeen. I don't even want to think about what age you'd be talking about."
  Mr. Tokitsu nodded his head in self-affirmation.
  He chose to ignore Tobimaru's off-color remarks.
  Tobimaru was reluctantly impressed with the man's magnanimity, in the end.
"At any rate, I just wanted to say good morning. I'll get out of your hair now. Sorry to interrupt your fun."
"Oh, don't be like that, Toby. Fate has led you here. Relax and spend some time with us.
  Why don't you come and stay at my villa for a bit? We could take a helicopter. It'd be fun."
"Ah, I'll pass, but thanks for the invitation. If anyone I know sees me, they'll think I'm even more of a spoiled rich kid. I feel like avoiding that right now."
  Tobimaru's choice of words made his present situation clear to Mr. Tokitsu, and he reluctantly backed off.
  Such intuitive understanding made it obvious how this man had expanded the Tokitsu Baking Company nationwide.
  He had divined Tobimaru's complicated family situation in an instant.
"Tell Mick I said hello, and that he should retire and make up with his kids soon, will ya?"
"I'm sure it'll fall on deaf ears, but okay.
  See you around, Miss Kuonji. I'll be sure to say hello next time I see you around in the morning."
  Alice's silence neither encouraged nor discouraged this.
  Tobimaru shrugged and left the plaza.
  He walked leisurely away from the park and came to an area of the city that was under redevelopment.
  There was a radio tower under construction there that the Tsukiji family had a hand in, but most of the capital for that project was funded by foreign firms.
"We're looking ten years into the future with this radio tower.
  Many advancements will be made in the field of mobile communications.
  We want to bring our technology into Misaki City ahead of the rest."
  The man from the foreign firm shook on the deal with Tobimaru's father, Hitoyoshi.
"Eventually I want my daughter to live here in Misaki City.
  I hope that she and your son can get to know each other better when that day comes."
  He was a handsome man who had the calm command of a leader.
  The fact that he had offered up his daughter to Tobimaru showed that he had researched the Tsukiji family's inheritance issues well.
"When are you gonna realize you're getting played, Dad? It's so obvious.
  And I'm not interested in blondes, anyway. She can take her skanky, money-grubbing hands elsewhere. I'll pass."
  Tobimaru stopped in his tracks after these muttered complaints.
  He decided to stop himself before he said anything worse.
  He'd walked far enough already anyway. The sun was completely up now.
  There was nothing more to gain from wandering mindlessly.
"...Guess I should head back."
  He turned his back to the radio tower and began heading home.
  One hour later...
"Young master, you have a phone call."
  Tobimaru had returned to the Tsukiji residence. He took the phone from the housemaid.
"Hey, Tobimaru? Soujyuro's gotten himself into something recently. Does anything ring a bell?"
  Aoko Aozaki was on the line. That was never a good sign.
"So yeah, that's as much as I know about it."
"Geez. Everything about that is as suspicious as it gets."
"Soujyuro seems caught up in a strange part-time job.
  I'll wait for you in Central Park to talk about it."
  Ten minutes had passed since he had received this call from Aoko and returned to the park.
  Tobimaru felt a light migraine coming on after hearing about the situation.
  The young girl and the old man from before were nowhere to be seen.
"Well, you don't have to tell me that.
  I'm not trying to be judgmental about what someone does for work, but this just doesn't seem right.
  He hasn't told you anything about this?"
"Sorry, but I haven't heard anything. He's super secretive about his job. He said he can't talk to anyone about it, or something."
"Yeah, he's always so tight-lipped about anything that involves other people. He's not going to talk easily."
"Hm, I guess he must be pretty loyal if even you think that about him."
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"I'm not implying anything. I'm just saying.
  You get mad about pretty much everything. If you're watching his back outside of school, you must really like him."
"Not really. It's just that if he causes any problems, we're going to take the heat for it in the student council.
  This is just risk aversion, plain and simple."
"Ah okay, so you're just doing your duty."
"That's right. Any problem with that?"
"No, none. I respect it, actually.
  You're the perfect student council president. I mean, it's not even a school day, and you're out here just to make sure our school's reputation is upheld."
"You really don't have to say it like that.
  ...Though, I suppose you're right."
  Aoko's glare seemed to suggest she wasn't interested in hearing any objections.
  This little bluff was rather charming to Tobimaru, who was well aware of Soujyuro and Aoko's current living situation.
"At any rate, I guess it's my duty as vice-president to tag along with this investigation then.
  You continue investigating Soujyuro. For the reputation of our school, of course.
I'll provide support however I can, and will watch out for Soujyuro as his friend."
"..."
  Tobimaru said he would do as Aoko asked, but for some reason she did not seem satisfied.
"Now that it's all settled, let's get started.
  You should at least know where he's working, right? What's the address?"
"I tried to tail him and find that out, actually... but I got nowhere.
  All I know is that he turned and walked towards 2nd Street from the train station."
  The vice-president was used to this.
  He didn't bother saying anything about her going so far as to tail Soujyuro.
"2nd Street, huh... There's just a bunch of pachinko parlors and arcades around there. I can't think of anywhere that'd be paying him tens of thousands of yen a day."
"I know, right? I mean, if I knew a place like that, I'd be inclined to work there myself.
  I just want to make sure, but the only place you can gamble in Misaki is the pachinko parlor, right?"
"According to my dad, there are no gambling spots that violate the Entertainment Business Act in town.
  He said the owner of the pachinko parlor is an agreeable sort who seems happy sticking to his current business."
"Yeah, I know. I just wanted to make sure."
"That just makes this whole thing even more mysterious.
  I can't think of any way other than gambling that you can make money that quickly."
"Yeah, nothing except maybe selling his body. Maybe people are paying him for a night."
"...Huh?"
  There was a slight delay in Aoko's reaction.
  It took her a few seconds to register what he was saying, but then her jaw dropped.
"W-Wait, s-selling his body?! Are you serious?!"
"Oh, chill out! I meant as a model or something. I heard they make pretty good money."
"Ahh... Yeah, I've heard that too. And art school kids are usually pretty rich. Maybe that's all it is. That's not so bad."
"I mean, he would be nude, of course."
"So he *is* getting naked for money!"
  Without any real information to go on, the conversation was quickly diverging further from the topic at hand.
  Without knowing the location or type of work...
  There really wasn't much to talk about.
"Let's try to tail him again tomorrow. It'll be harder to lose him if there's two of us."
"Yeah, you're right. We don't have any other clues at the moment, so let's just pick this up tomorrow.
  All we know is he's making lots of money, and that's not really...
 Hmm..."
  Tobimaru furrowed his brow. It seemed he had thought of something.
  His expression turned more dire by the second.
"What's wrong, Tobimaru? Did you remember something?"
"Hmm, kind of. I just remembered one other idiot who's been making a lot of cash recently.
  Since about three days ago, he's been flaunting a lot of money and going to all these expensive mixer parties. And he's in the same class as Soujyuro."
  There were a few seconds of silence.
  Aoko nodded. She had put two and two together.
"...I know who you're talking about."
  The two immediately left the park to go and find the suspect.
"What's happenin'?
  You know I can't turn down an invite even if I'm in the middle of studying. I'm here to party, guys!"
  Suspect A was apprehended with ease.
  Aoko and Tobimaru were both on the student council, so they knew their target would be at school for remedial lessons.
  Tobimaru got a girl in Kinomi's class to tell him he had some good news to share outside.
  Kinomi took the bait and came running out the school's front gate as fast as he could.
"Hey, sorry to call you out when you're trying to study."
"No worries! I was actually just using school as an excuse to skip my job, but then that was boring too, so I was just having a nap in the nurse's office."
"Then that's when I got the call from you!
  So I'm all ready to party. What's going on?"
  Kinomi gave a double thumbs up to show he was really ready to have some fun.
"I thought you'd be out and about, so I'm glad I caught you. I heard you've been holed up in the arcade for the past few days."
"Ah, yeah. I was there giving out free games and stuff, which is fun, but not so much once you run out of cash.
  Plus, I'm not really interested in becoming friends with punks from other schools, and it's all guys in there. Why don't girls like hanging out in arcades?"
"Anyway, that's all in the past. No point in talking about dough that's already spent. Easy come, easy go.
  Let's focus on the now! You're rich, right? You feel like taking a broke guy like me out on the town today, or what?"
"Sure, but first this bigwig here has a few questions for you."
"Huh?"
"Hello there, Kinomi.
  Do you mind telling me a little about all this money you came into recently?"
  Kinomi's expression went blank.
  If anyone could sniff out danger, it was him. And it stank like his impending doom.
"Umm, well, you see, I... I really need to get back to studying, so... Is it okay if I head back?"
"Of course. Once you answer all of my questions. We don't have much time either, so I hope you'll confess quickly."
"So again, tell me about this money you recently came into.
  I know you make around 20,000 yen a month from your part-time job. I don't think that's quite enough to live like a king for three days."
  It seemed the next logical question would be to ask if he had begun a life of crime.
"W-Why is this even any of your business?!
  You're treating me like a criminal! I don't have anything to confess! This isn't fair! What's going on?"
"Nothing, yet. We just heard about some students who recently came into a significant amount of money, and we're looking into it.
  A job that pays tens of thousands of yen a day is very tempting to a broke student, but we haven't heard of any such jobs reported to the school.
  It's our job as the student council to be on the look out for any dangers to our students. That's all."
  Aoko was still smiling as she inched closer to Kinomi.
  She had never spoken to him this nicely after what he had done at the entrance ceremony. That alone was enough to make him think he was in big trouble.
"R-Really? I haven't heard about anything like that...
  Ah, umm, my case is different. I was just using money I'd saved up. It's just before Christmas, so I thought I'd go a bit wild with my spending. Sort of a cleansing of the spirit, you know?"
"Isn't this time of year usually when people are trying to save money?"
"Now, now, Tsukiji. Let's be more sensitive.
  That being said, I hate to point this out, but it's obvious that Kinomi here has no date for Christmas Eve. It would be a shame if word of that got around school."
"I-I totally have a date! Seriously! Also, you're the one being insensitive here!"
"Oh, really? Then I guess you have some money saved up for your big Christmas Eve date then?"
"Of course I do! Extra income and savings are two separate things.
  Look, my dad is super strict about watching my bank statements. He'd yell at me the moment he saw anything odd, thinking I was doing something bad. And my sister searches my room, so I can't hide anything there. They even found the porn mags I hid up in the ceiling. If they found an envelope full of cash, they'd take me down to the police station! So I used the money right away..."
  Kinomi laughed awkwardly, as if he was ashamed.
  He wasn't even aware of just how much he had let slip.
"Oh, extra income? That's not what you said earlier."
"...Ah, no, I mean... It was a bonus from my part-time job. They just gave me an extra 5,000 yen! Just a little! It's nothing crazy!"
"So why were you talking about an envelope full of cash?"
"Urgh, I'm talking myself into a hole here! Are you trying to entrap me or something?
  Y-You're getting a little close... You're kinda scaring me! Also, are you wearing boots?! You know, this feels oddly familiar!"
  Kinomi backed away slowly.
"Kinomi? Do I have to remind you that we're running short on time here?"
"I don't want to have to get physical with you."
  The threat of a kick to the face from Aoko was enough to show him that she was serious.
"Okay, okay. I'll talk! I'll talk!
  Yes, I am making extra income from a new part-time job. I got a bonus for introducing Sizuki to them, that's all!"
"...What did you just say?"
  If Kinomi really was working at the same part-time job as Soujyuro, she wanted to get as much information from him as she could.
  This was the exact response she had wanted from Kinomi, if not better.
  But she felt dizzy from the implications.
"So you get a bonus for getting other people to join? That sounds like..."
  It was the oldest trick in the book for pyramid schemes and other unscrupulous business practices.
"It's not what you think.
  Sizuki said he was looking to make some extra money, so I told him about this kinda shady job."
  This went back all the way to before final exams.
  Kinomi told Soujyuro about a job he'd heard of from an older student.
  Since the job required a "kind, honest young man," Kinomi reluctantly gave up on it for himself and instead passed it on to a friend he thought fit that description.
"I can't believe you did that to someone you consider a friend. You yourself knew it sounded shady.
  What were you thinking?"
"Huh? Why wouldn't I pass something like this on to a friend?
  Dude needed help, so I tried to help him out. Plus, we both profited."
"Well yeah, but then you also have to do your due diligence first before you tell them about something like that."
"That's way too much effort for a guy like me. I don't think you understand how friendship between guys works. You realize we're all dumb, right?"
"I do start to believe that the more I look at you, honestly.
  How do you hang out with him, Tobimaru?"
"Okay, that's enough. You can lecture him later.
  It'll take at least a full day to reform someone as dense as him."
"Hey, come on. Give me a little credit at least. I can reform in a day!
  I'll probably forget everything once I sleep on it, though."
"..."
"Hey, at least you're self-aware. It's easier than talking to someone who doesn't realize they're an idiot.
There's not many people who realize that compassion is not for other people's benefit at such a young age."
"That makes sense. I guess I can see how you two would get along then."
"Wait, huh?
  Are you both trying to pick on me? I thought you were praising me just now!"
"We're not praising you."
"Definitely not."
"Hmph, thought so."
  With Kinomi leading the way, Aoko and Tobimaru arrived at the part-time job in question.
  They moved past the new entertainment district in front of the station and into the seedy part of 2nd Street.
  Aoko pointed to where she had lost Soujyuro when she was following him.
"It was right around here. So Kinomi, where is this place?"
"Umm, just over there."
  Kinomi pointed at a four-story office building.
  The entrance was on one side of the first floor. At first glance, it looked no different from an apartment complex.
  The hallway on the first floor continued around to the back of the building.
  The stairs were located at the beginning of that hallway and were the first thing you saw after entering.
"Let's go into that back alley."
  Aoko hurried off into the back alley where they were not likely to be seen.
  Three students stuck out like a sore thumb in an entertainment district like this.
"So what goes on in here?
  You said it was an office, but what's the work like?"
"Huh? You're asking me? That's literally all I know. I just heard about the job from that student. I don't know the details. I brought Soujyuro here, they gave me the money, and that was it."
  Their top suspect just admitted he knew no further details.
  Housuke Kinomi, co-defendant, or perhaps who they thought may have been the main culprit, was really no more than an annoying witness.
"...Well, this is no good. I still can't believe you're this irresponsible, Kinomi.
  Have you ever seen any westerns?
  Do you know what they do with informants who are no longer useful?"
"I-I don't really watch many movies, honestly.
  I have seen "Sailor Suit and Machine Gun" though. Mostly because I think the lead actress is hot."
"Ah, that's too bad. You should at least watch For a Few Dollars More sometime. The informant in that film meets an untimely demise, by the way."
"A-Are you serious? Your Highness! You need to put a collar on this girl! She's like a wild dog over here!"
"...Tsukiji? Why are you making that face?
  Do you know something about that building?"
"...This is bad.
  I know all about it. They're a fraudulent sales company that just came into town. They're a complete racket."
  Aoko was sad to hear that the truth was as bad as she thought.
  Kinomi seemed confused as usual.
"Are you sure about that?"
"Definitely. My dad heard it from his secretary, and she wouldn't lie.
  They front as a kind of new religion, but they're actually selling down quilts. They target the elderly and sell them these super low quality quilts at extremely marked up prices."
"That's a leased office, so after they make their money here for a month or so, they're probably planning on skipping town.
  Soujyuro is most certainly being scammed. He's the perfect target for a group like that."
  Tobimaru slumped his shoulders in defeat.
  Aoko, however, was already in full on battle mode.
"I'll put a stop to this. And then I'm going to string you up on the school's flagpole, Kinomi!"
"What?! You mean you're going to hang me?! That's murder, you know!"
"Wait a second, Aozaki. Something's not right here.
  Soujyuro had wads of cash, right? Then how is he being scammed?"
"Hmm... You're right. I got so caught up with Kinomi that I forgot about all the money.
  So does that mean...?"
"Right. If he was being scammed, he'd be the one losing money.
  But he's making money. I hope it isn't true, but maybe Soujyuro's the one doing the scamming."
"...I can't believe it. Do you really think he'd join a group of scammers?"
"Pfft, are you kidding me? Who in their right mind would be duped by Sizuki? He couldn't lie his way outta a paper bag! There's no way he's out here scheming."
"Yeah, but maybe he doesn't realize what he's doing is scamming people. He probably really believes he's selling a good product."
"That makes sense! His pure innocence is probably just the thing old folks like to see in a salesman! Maybe he'll give me a cut of his profits next time I see him―
 Owwwww?!"
"Looks like I'll have to teach you a lesson later after all.
  So what do we do, Tobimaru? Do we wait it out and gather more information? If he's really involved, he could be arrested for fraud. Though he is still a minor at least."
"If he's just an employee, he probably won't get any kind of real sentence. I guess it all depends on what his contract said when they hired him."
"Yeah that's true. He might already be a member of their group by now."
  Aoko looked a lot more cool-headed now.
  Tobimaru had been serving with her on the student council for over a year.
  He knew exactly what she was thinking at a time like this.
"If he's signed a contract, it's going to be hard to get him out of it. Even if he wants to leave, it's legally binding.
  ...How far do you wanna go with this?"
"We have to at least stop their business. If they want to say they're free to practice their beliefs, they'll have to go worship elsewhere."
"I could tell by the look on your face you weren't messing around.
  What do we do about Soujyuro, then? Get him to quit first?"
"Of course. This isn't only his problem anymore. The fact that they're trying to recruit our students makes it our problem too.
  We have to take them down, regardless of Sizuki's involvement."
"Fine, but you know they won't go down without a fight. They're technically a legal business, just like predatory loan services.
The police can only give them a warning, and if we disrupt their business, they'll try and sue us for damages. We shouldn't rush into this."
"I know. First we need to find out more about the company, who their president is, and how many employees they have. We also need to look for possible victims, 
then we can..."
  Aoko suddenly stopped talking in the middle of her detailed plans.
"What's wrong?
 Ah..."
  Tobimaru noticed right away what Aoko had spotted.
  Aoko was looking at the crowd on the street.
  A familiar young man wearing a coat was walking through the lively 2nd Street.
  He walked confidently up to the office building and disappeared inside.
  He hadn't seemed to notice the worried trio watching from the shadows.
  The young man, clearly Soujyuro Sizuki, had just started his shift, still oblivious to the severity of the situation he was in.
"That... that... little..."
  Aoko was shaking with rage.
"Calm down.
  I know how you feel, but he doesn't realize what he's doing."
"Ahhhhh! I just can't stand this!"
  Aoko raised her head up in a fury and clenched her fists.
  She was no longer her usual calm and collected self.
  This was the student council president who ruled with an iron fist, fueled by her own righteous indignation.
"Tobimaru, call up Mino and tell him we need twenty of the most intimidating guys from his team here immediately!
  Tell them to gear up because we might have a fight on our hands!"
  Aoko darted out into the main street as she barked her orders.
  She looked like an esteemed general charging into battle against an enemy squadron.
"Mino? You mean the captain of the cheer squad?!
  Also, twenty guys?! What the hell are you planning on doing?!"
"What do you think?! We're gonna crack some skulls!
  We won't get anywhere trying to make this into a legal battle!
  Any organization that's grooming students into committing crimes on their behalf will only answer to physical force!  
I mean, what is this 'Light of Truth' garbage on their sign?! They can't just come into our town and sell their dingy down quilts to our unsuspecting citizens!"
"Okay, just calm down! What happened to our peaceful plan just a minute ago? Only the police are allowed to use violence against criminals! Come back here!"
"Hey!
"
"What was that for?! We're doing this precisely because you said the police can't do much! If you have a problem with it, then come up with a better plan!"
"I don't necessarily have a problem with it, I'm just telling you to calm down for a minute!
  I haven't had time to think of an alternative plan, even if I wanted to. What were you thinking of earlier? You said something about going through the legal system."
"You know what I was getting at.
  While we investigate the company, we should also help victims of the scam come together.
  The reason why this company is targeting the elderly is likely because they're out of touch with the times.
  If we can help them understand this issue, they'll be able to work together."
"That sounds great.
The victims will be able to do more if they work together as a group, rather than as individuals.
  Then what? If we assume there was no kind of contract involved, we just try and get their money back?"
"...Yeah, but that's probably going to be impossible.
  They almost definitely will have a contract. It's annoying, but if they signed something, we can't overturn that. All we can do now is try and stop the damages from getting worse. Cancel loans, cancel memberships, and..."
"And?"
"Get as much money back as we can.
  There should be a cooling-off period for the down quilts, so some might be able to get a refund."
"That sounds like a plan. Let's go with that.
  There's no need for you to become the bad guy here. Let's try to solve this peacefully and within the law."
"That's true, but it's easy for you to say that since you weren't one of the victims. For those that were scammed, that money is lost forever."
"Yeah, but it's not your job to worry about that.
  We should get in touch with Kumari. She was raised in the shopping district and should know the best way to go about things."
"Kojika?
  ...I hate to get her involved in this, but we don't have much of a choice.
Okay, I'll get in touch with her. I still need you to call up Mino."
"Huh? Why do we still need the cheer squad with this plan?"
"They're good for more than just intimidation. They can help support the victims when we find them.
  I know Mino's team looks scary, but they're all good at heart, right? Once we've made sure there's a cooling-off period for those contracts, they can take care of the paperwork for them."
"That's not a bad idea! I bet those idiots won't know what to do when twenty big strong guys come in demanding refunds!"
  Aoko and Tobimaru both nodded in agreement.
  Kinomi had been completely left to the wayside in this whole discussion.
"Hey, so... What's a cooling-off period?
  I've never heard of it."
"It's a clause that allows you to return an item you purchased and get a refund for the full amount paid at the time of purchase. It was officially put into practice in Japan about ten years ago. You really haven't heard of it?"
"No, never. How is that any different from a normal return?"
"Well, it's the same, but it's just legally protected. If the Light of Truth wants to use the law to their advantage, then we can do the same.
  The elderly victims probably won't know a thing about it either, so that's why we're going to fight for them."
  In reality, only a very narrow range of products were applicable for the satisfaction period law, and it was currently unclear if those handled by the Light of Truth fell under that umbrella.
  If it was not applicable under this law, Aoko would have to think of another plan.
  However...
  Not thirty minutes later, that worry would vanish when they got the chance to examine an actual quilt sold by the Light of Truth.
  Once Aoko has an established plan, she will not waver from it.
  They had made a cafe with a view of the office building their command center.
  And, after they got together others from the student council for backup...
  Their one-day blitz tactic plan began.
"I want this over with quickly.
  You two, take care of all the communications. Let's get this done today."
  Tobimaru sighed at the thought of trying to complete everything in a day's time.
  Kinomi, on the other hand, wondered why he had been dragged in to help.
  Although Tobimaru had gotten Aoko to abandon the idea of a physical fight, Aoko knew that the contact plan would be difficult to pull off and continued to research other options.
  There were many conditions that needed to be met for this plan to actually work.
  The major issue was the amount of time elapsed from the time of purchase.
  For consumable goods, the time limit for a legal return was eight days.
  If there were thirty or so victims, this would probably only be applicable to one or two of them.
  If that was the case, they needed to look for some other consumer protection besides the satisfaction clause.
"Wait, really...? If items of low value are sold at an unfair price, the contract may be invalidated as profiteering. However, this must be founded in public order and morality... Doesn't this generally always favor the seller?
  The courts can't punish solely on the basis of suspicion. We'd be at the disadvantage if it came to an extended argument."
  It was a difficult situation.
  They wouldn't be able to stand up to an experienced group of scam artists with their limited knowledge of the law.
  They'd need to fight fire with fire. Or in this case, a scam with a scam.
"...So basically we scam them out of the same amount of money they scammed out of the victims."
  To do that, they'd need more intel.
  Aoko was studying the materials they'd collected for something they could use.
"Thanks for waiting, everyone. I've got the addresses of ten additional candidates and one of the actual quilts sold."
"Thank you. You really get things done fast when you put your mind to it!"
  Aoko took the list of victims from the student council secretary, Kojika Kumari, and immediately contacted Tobimaru on his pager.
  Although pagers could only receive short messages like 'Call me,' they were a powerful means of communication in an age where people relied on public telephones.
  Tobimaru called the cafe to give Aoko an update and hear about the list of newly discovered victims.
"You've got all the victims together? Let Aoyama handle the proceedings. If you could get some business cards made up to throw them off, that'd be helpful too.
  Remember that fake organization we made up for the school festival? Use that and put that phone number on the cards. We can have Mr. Yamasiro field the calls."
  The victims' advocacy group was currently at just over ten members.
  The group's aim was to help the victims of the scam get their money back and remove themselves from the Light of Truth.
  Some of the victims had not even realized they'd been scammed. So with some explanation, about ten more members were added.
  It helped that it was polite, young, well-dressed students who were giving them this information.
  The elderly generally seemed more accepting of anyone who was around the age of their grandchildren.
"We've done a good job getting this far. We got our goal of twenty people in no time."
"You laid out all the conditions clearly, which made it easy for us.
  We looked for anyone over the age of sixty who lived alone and was not a member of their local neighborhood association. We just did exactly what the salespeople from the Light of Truth did.
  Our work is just getting started though.
  It's still going to be all we can do to make a complaint against their...
Aozaki?
  What's with the weird smile all of a sudden?"
  Aoko looked up after being called out by her friend.
"Oh, I just found something very interesting is all.
  We may be fighting an uphill battle, but this might change the tides in our favor. Look here at this tag."
"Hm?"
  Aoko showed her the product label sewn into the down quilt.
  There on the tag was what looked like the Japanese Industrial Standards logo.
  The Japanese Industrial Standards helped maintain the quality of industrial products in Japan. Products with this mark were required to be produced in accordance with the Industrial Standardization Law.
"Huh? Jay... El... Ess?"
"Yep. This actually makes the contracts work in our favor. I thought we were dealing with professionals, but it turns out they're actually a group of amateurs.
  If we do this right, we could get all the money back to the victims. It's going to feel so good to put these scammers in their place!"
  Aoko took a seat, still grinning from ear to ear.
  She didn't ring Tobimaru's pager. Instead, she dialed a different number on the red phone while humming to herself.
  Aoko heard the familiar ringing tone through the receiver.
"Aozaki? I thought you were calling Tsukiji? You need to tell him about our change of plans."
"I will after this. Right now I have to figure out who to put in charge of the negotiations. I don't think Tobimaru or myself could do such an important role justice.
  Even if we have the advantage for now, we're still in an evenly matched battle.
  They could completely turn the tables on us in the discussions, so we need someone ruthless to represent us."
"I thought that was going to be you."
"No, no, no. For this we need an adult with some kind of social standing.
  Don't worry. I actually know the perfect person for the job."
"Let's just say you need a scammer to fight a scammer.
  I know someone whose sole job is to win arguments against people in town. I doubt she has anything going on today, so I thought we might put her to work.
  Anyone who goes up against her is guaranteed to have a mental breakdown in an hour, no matter what kind of scam they're running."
  Aoko kept the phone receiver at her ear as she delivered these cutting remarks.
  The ringing tone had long since gone silent.
"...Hello? I don't want to assume anything, but were you talking about me this whole time Aoko?"
  An eloquent woman's voice could be heard from the phone's earpiece.
  Aoko innocently said her greetings and smiled like a hunter who had just gotten their prey to take the bait.
"You know, I've always thought this about you...
  But you really don't have enough respect for your elders, Aoko."
"Huh?"
  Tobimaru and Kinomi had returned from their tasks and stood there wide-eyed.
  The person Aoko had invited to the cafe looked so out of place that it was a shock to everyone.
"Thank you so much for coming, Yuika.
  I pretty much told you all the details over the phone, but is there anything else you want me to go over?"
"That's okay. I received a full report about the Light of Truth from Ritsuka. I do not require any lectures from you on that matter."
"Well aren't we in a mood? That's perfect, though. Take that attitude to them. When you're in the zone, your glare alone is enough to make someone faint!"
"Whoa, seriously?! Isn't this lady a nun at Aida Church? I actually really look up to her!
  Oh, crap, now is not the time. Umm, hi, my name's Housuke Kinomi! Aozaki and I aren't really friends!"
  Kinomi was clearly trying to earn points by showing that he also was not that friendly with Aoko.
  Sister Yuika gave him an angelic smile back.
"Well, hello there. I am indeed a sister at Aida Church. My name is Yuika Suse. It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Housuke."
"Ahhhhh! This is crazy! She's really a nun!
  I can't believe you had something this amazing up your sleeve the whole time, Aoko!
  ...Wait, but what are you going to have her do? I mean, I'm fine with just having her around in general."
"I think we can all imagine...
  It's a pleasure to meet you, Sister Yuika. My name is Tobimaru Tsukiji, student council vice-president."
  Tobimaru didn't look so well. Perhaps he had figured out where this course of events was headed.
  The JLS label was indeed illegal.
  This discovery made Aoko realize how they could get the victims' money back and run the Light of Truth out of town completely.
  Sister Yuika was her solution.
"...I thought the plan was to let the evidence do the talking, and if they don't want to be sued, get them to settle out of court. They'd pay back the money and get out of town.
But this is something else. She doesn't want to just kick them out of town. She wants to fleece them for all they've got!"
"Huh? How can she even do that? I mean, I know she's beautiful, but does a nun really have that kind of power?"
"It's not because she's a nun. That's just the kind of pull Yuika has around here. Anyway, here's the signatures of everyone in the advocacy group. The cheer team is also helping. Do you want to take some of them?"
"...Hmm. If things get too heated, it's going to be a pain to resolve later. Let's just bring five to keep the peace.
  You are also welcome to accompany me if you'd like, Aoko."
"Huh? Wait, is Yuika going to go talk to them? I thought you were going to do that, prez."
"No, no, it's fine. She may not look it, but she's actually a specialist in these kinds of situations. Isn't that right, Yuika?"
"Not as much as you, but yes, you could say that.
  Since that office is indeed operating an illegal business, I'm willing to help. We both will benefit, after all.
  Sins must not go unpunished. They must feel the pain that they inflicted upon the good people of this town."
"You certainly live up to your reputation, Sister.
  I'm sure you'll win. You've been crushing the competition for a long time, now."
"Yes, well.
  There's simply no need for two schools of thought in a single place."
  Though the two continued to antagonize each other, they entered the office building fighting for the same team.
  The five burly members of the cheer team filed in behind them.
  They had left behind a glum Tobimaru and a completely clueless Kinomi.
"...I really don't know what's going on.
  What is Aozaki trying to get that poor woman to do for her?"
"Oh, you do not even want to know what kind of cruelty Aozaki is capable of inflicting upon her enemies.
  Once they get the company to terminate everyone's contracts based on the illegal sales, the two will take legal action against them. That's where Sister Yuika comes in.
She's far more qualified than Aozaki, who's just a student.
  I've heard some less than savory rumors about that church, too. This company will be lucky if losing all their funds is the worst that happens."
  After taking a few deep breaths, Tobimaru also headed towards the office building.
"You're going in there too? Isn't it a little scary?"
"I'm not going. Are you crazy? I just have some business to attend to.
  You need to get back to school. I'll compensate you for all this later, don't worry."
"Man, you know school's done by now, right? It's almost night. Hey, it was fun though!"
"Wow, you're right. Half the day's gone."
  Tobimaru waved goodbye and disappeared into the office building.
"Wait, what?"
  Kinomi thought it was strange since Tobimaru had just said he wasn't going in there.
  However, he left as well after hearing a noise that sounded like glass breaking on the third floor of the office building.
  A wise man never courts danger, as they say.
  The discussion ended without any major issues.
  The inside of the office was mostly untouched. Only the center line of desks had been pulverized by Sister Yuika. Things had been resolved peacefully without any bloodshed.
  The office had been conquered in about an hour, and Aoko was now surveying it.
  A large desk had gone right through the window, flung through the air with a single swing of Sister Yuika's hand.
  The sales staff were shaking in the corner like they'd just seen the devil incarnate.
  Sister Yuika brought in the five members of the cheer team to seize the office's permits and other important documents.
"Huh?"
  Unfortunately, the one thing Aoko was looking for was nowhere to be found.
  She went to ask the sales staff still quivering in the corner of the room.
"About three hours ago, did you see a harmless looking teenage boy come in here? I know he hasn't left the building, so he must still be in here somewhere."
  Everyone shook their heads no.
  Nobody had seen a student who fit that description in the office.
  Aoko was looking even more confused at this point.
"Ah, well..."
  She was still happy that she'd done a good deed here today.
  Tobimaru entered the office building and headed straight down the hallway.
  He glanced at the stairs in front of him as he walked by, passing several tenants and heading towards the emergency exit at the back of the building.
  Tobimaru knew the geography of 2nd Street well.
  If his memory served correctly, there were some old one-story houses behind this building that had been around forever.
  They were old tin-roofed rental houses that stood against the tides of time.
  Though overshadowed by the recent trend of two-story apartments, they were still there, alive and kicking.
  At the back of the office building there was a river for processing waste water.
  Beyond the river and a fence, there were many one-story houses.
  Next to the building there was a bridge that crossed over to the other side.
  It was a shortcut only neighborhood locals would know about.
"...This is a pretty intense shortcut. Maps can't help you here, that's for sure."
  As Tobimaru walked towards the bridge, he saw a familiar face exit one of the old tin-roof houses.
  The young man was wearing a coat and was without a doubt Soujyuro Sizuki.
"See you tomorrow!"
  Soujyuro crossed the bridge while the old woman who resided there saw him off.
"Huh? Is that you, Tobimaru?"
"Yo! Fancy meeting you here, slick."
  The two exchanged glances as they crossed paths on the bridge.
  Soujyuro looked fairly spent.
  That was all Tobimaru needed to see.
  Soujyuro's new job was a lot harder than working for any scam artists.
  They both stopped to talk on the footbridge.
"You have relatives around there or something?"
"Ah, no. I was just keeping the old woman who lives there company. Someone told me about it, and it sounded like something I could do."
  For some reason, Soujyuro readily revealed what he had refused to tell Aoko.
"Is it okay to be talking about it? Sounds like something they might want to be kept secret."
"Oh, no it's fine. It's not really anything I need to keep quiet about.
  I just thought maybe I shouldn't before.
  You saw me coming out of there, and I actually have been wanting to tell someone about it. I didn't want to complain, but since you asked..."
  Leaning on the rail of the footbridge, Tobimaru urged him to go on.
  It turned out that Soujyuro's story was nothing out of the ordinary.
  His new part-time job was to be a home helper in that old one-story house.
  This resident was a widow who had been left alone after her son moved off to the city.
"At first, I was just helping around the house."
  He spoke with a troubled, slightly regretful smile.
  Maybe he was ashamed of something he'd done?
  There was a tinge of darkness behind the wry, tormented smile on his face.
"..."
  Tobimaru found himself surprised at his own thoughts and slapped himself lightly on the cheek.
  This was his way of punishing himself. He wasn't sure why his imagination was running so wild now.
"You seem oddly glum, though. Oh, I get it. You have a problem with the son who left his mom like that, even though she clearly needs help around the house, huh?"
"...I wonder. It is an odd story, I think.
  But I don't really mean to blame him. I mean, that's..."
  Soujyuro stopped himself mid-sentence.
  He didn't think the son hated his mother so much as he did the town;
  he had probably just found somewhere better to live, and moved away.
  Soujyuro swallowed those bitter words.
"At first, I took the full amount as payment.
  But I thought 100,000 yen was way too much for a job that'll only last the month."
  He trailed off, muttering that he really didn't need that much money.
  The old woman had thanked him for his honesty.
  That was part of Soujyuro's appeal, most likely.
  In a matter of days, the old woman put all her trust into Soujyuro and treated him like her own grandson.
"I was honestly happy about that. The problem is..."
  She always saw him off with a smile, and asked him to return tomorrow.
  Every time he left, she gave him a stack of cash in the hope that he wouldn't forget her.
"Whoa, really? That's what you're getting all that money for?"
"Yeah. She says she wants me to be her grandson.
She says she can trust me, so she wants me to act like I'm her grandson."
"Wow, that's crazy! It's hard to believe, but I guess a grandson-for-hire isn't much different from a house helper..."
"No, it's different. She said she doesn't pay helpers because she can't trust them. She says she can only trust money."
  She seemed to have some quirks about her, probably because she'd been living alone for so long.
  By this point she'd lost all faith in the goodwill of humankind.
  To her, the bonds of a family were nothing but fantasy.
  After being cast aside by her own family for so many years, the only thing that remained faithful to her was the money she'd saved.
  Over time, this led to her developing a strange complex.
  For her, the money she'd scrimped and saved, the last thing she could rely on, was the only way she could conceive of keeping someone in her life.
"That's crazy.
  She's just hiring help. It's not like she can just buy a grandson."
"I think she knows that more than anyone.
  Even if she knows it isn't real, that's just how hard it is for her to trust anyone.
  What she wants most in this world is for her grandchildren to visit her, but since that's not happening, she turned to the one thing she could trust to make that a reality."
"..."
  She wasn't buying him, though.
  She just trusted Soujyuro from the bottom of her heart and was thanking him the only way she knew how.
  She didn't realize how that looked from other people's perspectives.
"...Well, looks like you've gotten yourself into a real sticky situation again.
  But hey, try not to worry about it too much.
  I mean, it's a nice story. She's found something in her life that's even more important than money. It's something to be proud of."
"Really? I hope so."
  It was obvious from Soujyuro's expression that all this still weighed heavily on him.
"Come on, cheer up. Knowing you, I bet you haven't spent any of the money she's given you.
  Are you saving it all up to give back to her when she inevitably runs out? Is that why you didn't tell Aozaki?"
"Huh? How did you know?"
"It was just a guess. But I know how you are."
  Tobimaru decided it was best not to tell Soujyuro about all the trouble they went through for him today.
  He knew Aoko would only make him regret it later if he did.
"So, let me tell you the worst thing about all this.
  The truth is, this old lady doesn't have any grandchildren."
"Huh...?"
  After a few moments of surprise, Tobimaru let out a sigh.
  He understood.
  Being widowed with a son who's moved into the city and grandchildren who never visit...
  That was a normal, full and rich life.
  Sometimes, however, a person's dreams were all that kept them going.
  The bottom is limitless. For every tragic life there is another even more tragic than that.
"You know, sometimes this town catches me off guard.
  Everyone looks so happy and blessed, but if you look hard enough you start to see that's not always the case. It's like the entire town is fooling me."
"..."
  Tobimaru leaned over the railing and looked down at the bustling town below.
  In the end, Soujyuro's worries stemmed from his feeling lost in this environment.
  The woman who walked through life alone into old age...
  Tobimaru's struggle with being antagonized by his entire family...
  Those were both personal matters.
  Soujyuro's problems stemmed from the nebulous entity of the town itself.
  For every bit of progress made through modernization, there were also people left in growing misfortune.
  It didn't matter whether they were unequal in wealth or compassion. It was all the same.
  The larger a town grows, the harder it becomes for the weak to thrive.
  For a young man who spent his life in the countryside where everyone helped each other, this was hard to understand.
"Soujyuro... Do you really like it in this town?"
"I honestly don't know yet. What about you?"
"Eh, similar. Sometimes I like it, sometimes I don't. Sometimes I feel like it doesn't matter either way.
  Then again, I'm kind of the total opposite of you.
  In town, I can ignore my problems if I want. It's better than a place like this, anyway. There's something to this bustle and chaos that you can't discount. Even if it does feel hollow at times."
"It's better than here?"
"Ah, not exactly. I just mean that I'd have more options.
  I'm sure you've thought this at your part-time jobs, but a town like this never leaves any gaps. Wherever there's an opening, that opening is going to be filled."
"A city is a really well-constructed community when you think about it.
  Someone you never knew the day before, might be a neighbor you need to call on the very next day.
  A street corner that had nothing on it yesterday, might have a new building on it today."
"Every single day in the city is like living through a major surgery in progress. It's seriously impressive that it works as well as it does.
  Something always makes me think that.
I'm not just living on my own. I'm able to survive thanks to the accomplishments of people I'll never know about.
  It's all a bunch of give-and-take. The fact that it works at all is a feat in and of itself."
"..."
  Just as the mountains are alive, so is the city.
  Tobimaru didn't seem to like the way that living creature had manifested itself.
  But even still...
"I see. You really respect it, huh?"
"I mean, it's a little embarrassing, but yeah."
  As someone who was born and raised in the city, Tobimaru was thankful that complete strangers were able to help each other out.
"Honestly, you're just asking for too much!
  Nobody likes where they live in the beginning. You can't choose where you were born, after all. You have to learn to like wherever it is you've decided to live, not the other way around!"
"Gah!"
  Tobimaru gave Soujyuro's back a hard slap.
  It made Soujyuro straighten up his posture and snap him out of his slump a bit.
"Okay, but what if you decide to live somewhere and you just can't like it no matter how hard you try?"
"If you really don't like it, you can just move somewhere else. Don't be scared to run away from a bad place. You're meant to wander a bit in life."
"..."
  Soujyuro was so impressed with Tobimaru's words he couldn't speak. They gave him a new perspective.
  It wasn't just the words, "don't be scared to run away from a bad place."
  What had really left a strong impression was Tobimaru's confidence.
  Although he had been born in this town, he spoke freely of abandoning it.
"I never thought I'd hear you talk about running away."
"There's nothing wrong with running away if you have somewhere to run to.
  That's not to say you shouldn't hold on to words like victory and success, or fortune and fame.
  I just think it's easy to feel stifled if you're always trying to win. I don't have the willpower of someone like Aozaki who can just power through things. I like to keep life... light."
"You think life is better when it's light?"
"I don't really mean lightweight or secure, or anything like that. I just want more adventure or, you know..."
  Tobimaru furrowed his brow at his inability to find the proper words.
  What he wanted was simple.
"Look, I just want to live a life that I can laugh about."
  That was how he saw life.
  Tobimaru tried his best to put into words his thoughts, hoping his friend would find them useful.
"...Like... a comedian?"
"..."
  Tobimaru's shoulders slumped in disappointment.
  But even so...
"Actually, yeah. Sure."
  The more he thought about it, the more he realized that Soujyuro wasn't really wrong.
  There was no end to human desire.
  The perfect life was an unattainable dream.
  The only way to really win was to be able to say with your dying breath that you had truly enjoyed living.
"...Man, I wonder if this is Aozaki's influence. She's the type to take a gamble on anything. I bet she loves Bonnie and Clyde."
  Tobimaru tiredly scratched his head.
  He never would have said something like this last year, considering how pessimistic he had been then.
"Anyway, there's no end to it if you worry about everyone else's business.
  Look, the sun's already going down. We've been out here forever."
"Sorry to keep you. Do you have something else you need to be doing?"
"...Nah, maybe I'll just be good and head home.
  You should get home before it gets totally dark, too. If they ask you what you were doing, just be honest. It's not as bad as you think it sounds."
"Hm..."
  Soujyuro frowned and fell silent.
  He still hadn't come to terms with his arrangement with that old woman yet.
  If he hadn't gone there in the first place, she might not have felt like anything was missing from her life.
  That feeling of regret was exactly why he wanted to talk to someone.
"I bet you think you've done something cruel to her, don't you?
  Like you showed her something that she can never have. Am I right?"
"..."
  Soujyuro was stunned into silence.
  Tobimaru knew exactly what Soujyuro regretted.
"You shouldn't think that you have that much power over someone, Soujyuro."
"Listen. If she thinks she messed up her life, then you should do whatever you can to help her.
  She's stinking rich, right?
  Then get her to help people with it. There are so many problems in this world she can fix with her money.
  If you can get her to be proud of herself, then you'll have done a good job. It would make me happy at least."
"Hm... But that still doesn't get rid of her suffering."
"Don't worry about problems you can't solve.
  Focus on the problems you can help with.
  If you can convince her to let you give that money back so she can use it to help others and herself, then she's won.
  That will give more meaning to her life than a fake grandson ever could."
"But...
  If she says she's done enough, and she wants you to have the rest of her money...
  That means you've won.
  She'd prefer to think of you as her grandson. If that's the case, then there's no shame in taking that money from her."
"...I see now."
  Soujyuro clapped his hands together. He was finally able to accept these conditions as fair.
"Hey, thanks for the talk, Tobimaru."
  His smile was no longer bitter.
  He would do whatever he could to help that old woman choose to assist others in need.
"..."
  Tobimaru thought that such unwavering confidence was the sign of true freedom.
"Don't worry about it. I needed it just as much as you.
  See you after the break."
  His goodbye wasn't the friendliest, but Soujyuro didn't mind. He ran home with a big smile on his face.
  Tobimaru's smile was a bit less carefree as he left the footbridge.
  The time was four-thirty in the evening.
  Night would soon fall over the midwinter landscape.
"I'm home! Looks like it's going to be a cold one tonight again."
  Aoko and Alice were both in the drawing room when he returned.
  Neither of them had eaten dinner yet.
  Aoko looked displeased.
  Alice sat uncomfortably on the sofa.
"Huh, were you two waiting for me to get home?"
  Alice quietly affirmed his assumption.
  Aoko vehemently denied it.
"Aozaki, I might just be imagining things, but you seem even more worked up than you were last night."
  Soujyuro had gotten slightly better at reading the room, but he still had difficulty choosing the right words.
  (I'll show you worked up!)
  ...Was what she wanted to say, but she stopped herself.
  She wasn't actually all that angry with Soujyuro.
  But...
"Wait, what are you worked up about Aoko?"
"I'm not worked up about anything! If anybody's worked up about something, it's Soujyuro!"
  Alice's additional remark seemed to have been the tipping point.
  Soujyuro thought this showed she was indeed worked up about something.
"You think so? I thought he seemed more normal than usual tonight."
  Soujyuro felt like that was pretty offensive too, but let it slide.
"Fine, if that's how you want to play it. I was going to wait for you to say something, but I'll just go ahead and ask.
  Soujyuro, have you ever heard of an organization called the Light of Truth?"
"No, not before now."
"I didn't think so. Your name wasn't in their records anywhere. How could we have messed that up so badly...
  It wasn't all for naught, but now I've set more bad rumors afloat."
  Aoko let out an exaggerated sigh and flopped down onto the sofa.
  Seeing Aoko in this weakened state as an opportunity...
  ...the blue robin flew jauntily down from the sunroom.
"Hahaha! I saw it with me own mince pies! The whole neighborhood is like, 'Oh that Aozaki girl has gone and done it again! She took down a whole business with the snap of her fingers!' You're an urban legend at this point! Hahahaha!"
  The robin continued to chatter praise for Aoko's deeds of valor.
  Aoko knocked it away with a flick of her finger, and picked herself up off the sofa.
"...I see you don't have an envelope of money today. Is your part-time job finished?"
"No, it's still going. I'm actually just holding that money. I made a separate bank account for it and deposited it this morning."
"You're holding it?"
"Yep. I'll be giving it all back eventually."
  Soujyuro took off his coat and began talking about his job as a home helper.
  He kept it simple, explaining how things began and the conclusion he'd come to with Tobimaru earlier.
  Aoko seemed stunned by the outlandish circumstances, but in the end...
"Okay, okay, I should've known. I don't know if I'm relieved or disappointed. You really are incapable of doing any wrong, aren't you?"
  She was back to her usual offensive self.
  However...
  There was another girl in the room who had at this point gone pale.
"Wait. So you're saying that wasn't your money?"
"That's right. I'm just holding it for someone else."
"Alice?
  The expression on your face right now is something else. Are you okay?"
"...No, I'm fine. I just ordered takeout."
"Huh?"
  Alice handed out menus for the local soba noodle shop and a cafe.
  The blood drained from Aoko's face as she took everything in.
  Alice quietly passed her a small note.
  On it was a hastily written order that was more than enough food for the three of them.
"Wha- W-W-Wait, you already ordered?!"
"Well, yeah. I thought it was about time someone treated us..."
  Alice's accusing gaze fell on Soujyuro.
"Huh? Me? Why?"
"Because you got everyone's hopes up! Alice was looking forward to you treating us to dinner, you know!"
  Soujyuro clapped his hands together for the second time today.
  He remembered that Alice had said that yesterday.
"Yes, and you agreed!"
  Alice was eager to emphasize that this was not her fault.
"Yeah, but..."
"Alice may have messed up, but it's your fault! This is why you shouldn't walk around with so much money.
  I hope you've learned your lesson. You two are just going to have to split the bill."
"No way, I can't! That money is in the bank, and I only have five hundred yen on me."
"...He's right. Even if we pool our money together, we won't have enough. Can we cancel the order...?"
  An air of despair fell upon the Kuonji Estate.
  Aoko sighed as if none of this involved her.
  She hated to coddle them, but perhaps this was her fate.
"I should've known this would happen.
  It's fine. I'll pay for it. I got some unexpected income today, so I might as well use it."
  Aoko's sudden proposal made both Soujyuro and Alice perk up.
"Wait, you're going to treat us, Aozaki?"
"I can't believe my ears. Are you sure, Aoko?"
"Well, you've already called in the order. We can't cancel now.
  If you called them earlier, they're probably already on their way up the hill.
  We got this money because of Soujyuro, anyway. It's a thank you present from the victim's advocacy group."
"It felt weird taking it from them, and this way it goes back into the shopping district anyway. So don't worry about it. I do think it's a bit of a waste, though, if I'm being honest."
  Her roommates began celebrating.
  Aoko sank back onto the sofa upon seeing the happiness her gesture brought.
"Oh well... Easy come, easy go. All that extra money, gone just like that."
  And thus...
  The curtain closed on a little incident involving a lot of cash.
  The blue robin flew down to the table again.
"...Whew! That one'd knock you right out of yer Goldilocks, eh?"
  The robin chirped and mimicked puffing on a cigarette.
"Anyway, all 'er that aside...
  Let's always remember this as 'The Dosh Affair' so that we never forget the gravel and grit Miss Aoko dragged herself through!"
  The blue robin continued to laugh at that day's hero.
  Aoko flicked the bird away just as someone knocked at the door.
  Alice had ordered her favorite omelet dish and a set of cakes from the cafe.
"Might as well enjoy..."
  Aoko was quietly satisfied with the spoils of an honest day's work.
  December, the month when even monks were busy at work.
  It was the culmination of the year.
  Perhaps due to all the put-off tasks built up through the seasons, the month always seemed to pass by in the blink of an eye.
  It was a day^ like any other in December.
  Though none of them were any the wiser to what the others were doing, Aoko, Alice, and Soujyuro had spent the day attending to their own affairs.
"What...is this?"
  Aoko kept the urge to kill out of her voice, but her menacing tone still reverberated in the room.
  The sunroom was often used to dine in when the weather was nice, since it overlooked the courtyard.
  It was a room decorated with high-quality furniture and upholstery befitting an historic western style mansion.
  The fusion of Chinese Chippendale aesthetics and traditional English Georgian elegance caused even Aoko, a commoner, to think twice about doing anything "unaristocratic" on the grounds.
  Truthfully, she was sickened by the flagrant waste of money, but none of it was paid for out of her pocket, so she could have cared less what the purchaser spent their money on.
  Three unbelievably out-of-place offerings sat atop the lavish sunroom's table, as if enshrined.
  In stark contrast to the room, they appeared like meals prepared by aliens.
"Soujyuro. Is this your idea of a practical joke?"
  Aoko's trembling fists clenched and unclenched, as she questioned the one responsible for today's menu.
  The clock struck nine in the evening.
  Tonight's executive chef nodded dutifully, eager to explain.
"It's a new product from my workplace.
  Kinomi said it looks and tastes fake, but honestly I think it's better than the real thing.
  Besides, they're only forty yen each after the company discount.
A steal, right? Even with the egg on top it's still only sixty yen or so."
  The corner-cutting chef seemed pleased with himself.
  Aoko wanted to grumble that the real steal was her appetite.
"Well, isn't that nice for you.
  Now, where's tonight's dinner?"
  Chef Soujyuro thought for a second or two, then clapped his hands together in realization.
"Aozaki, you know if you eat too much you'll get fat."
"So what you're telling me is...
  This slop is what you call dinner!?"
"No complaints. I'm not making anything else."
  The two stood there, glaring at each other.
  Aoko gave off an air that said she would rather die than eat his "food,"
  while Soujyuro was convinced she would capitulate eventually.
  He even considered chiding her for being a picky eater.
  As usual, the two could not see eye to eye.
"No way. There's no way I'm eating... whatever this is."
"Don't be such a spoiled princess. Besides, tonight's dinner only cost two hundred yen for the three of us."
  Soujyuro puffed his chest out at his penny-pinching prowess.
  Alice alternated her gaze between the two quarreling roommates and the strange food before her, which she had also never seen before. She remained a mere bystander in all this.
"U-unbelievable... a sixty-yen meal for one person? What year is it!?
  These days, even cheap beef bowl places spend more on ingredients!"
"...Aozaki. If we ate the way you wanted with only thirty thousand yen for food each month, I'm pretty sure we would all starve to death before you two could kill me."
"I mean, sure, the meat Alice cooked yesterday was really something.
  I was impressed at the difference in quality at seven hundred yen per ounce.
  Even the 100% juice from the co-op made me rethink the idea of fresh food.
  But, if we keep eating like we have for the last three days, we'll go broke."
  Soujyuro was making perfect sense, for once.
  Fortunately, neither Aoko nor Soujyuro noticed the silent stare of disapproval coming from Alice.
"We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
  And I should note, a meal like yesterday's was a rarity. But maybe I should thank you, since your meals have inspired Alice to put some effort into hers for a change!"
  With Aoko's words, Alice closed her eyes.
  ...She might have been trying to quell her anger.
"You astonish me, you know. How did you even get by before me?"
"We made it work, thank you very much. Besides, living life one step from starvation keeps you on your toes."
"..."
  Her brazen response left him speechless.
  Though a story for another time, Soujyuro remembered a warning from a certain vice president who had complained about a certain president incessantly bugging him to take her to lunch at the end of the month.
  But that was neither here nor there.
"That was then, and this is now!
  Where are those cooking skills you displayed before, Soujyuro!? That's the only reason I trusted you with today's meal!"
  Out of everything, that seemed to be what ate at Aoko the most.
  The stir-fried yaki-udon he had prepared previously had been very well received. It had even melted away Aoko's morning grumpiness with just one bite.
  However, Soujyuro had not seen fit to tell them that it was one of the only dishes in his limited repertoire.
  For a bachelor, the ability to cook is as close to a superpower as one could  get.
  Fifteen years into the future, it would likely become a highly desirable trait.
  Regardless, that misunderstanding had led Aoko and Alice to overestimate Soujyuro's culinary talents.
  Her ire finally made sense to Soujyuro.
"...All right. Fine. We can order in. There's nothing here to cook anyway.
  But only if you clear up."
  Aoko basked in her victory.
  It was then, after seeing Soujyuro's face as he went to fetch the delivery menu, Aoko realized her misreading of him.
  What annoyed Aoko most was the fact that such little effort was put into dinner.
  But to Soujyuro, this dinner had not been about cutting corners, but rather about a meal he had legitimately wanted to try.
  Aoko ruminated on how it could probably pass as food for someone raised in the mountains.
  ...And then.
"...? Alice, what are you doing?"
  Aoko noticed Alice standing near the table, holding one of the bowls tightly.
"Would you put that down already?
  I need to give those back to Soujyuro so we can eat a proper meal."
  Despite Aoko's words, Alice stood her ground, firmly clutching the bowl.
  In fact, she seemed to be embracing it.
"This one is mine."
  Alice's faint voice drifted across the sunroom.
  And just like that, the night's menu had been decided by majority rule.
  Aoko's shoulders sank in disappointment at her lot that evening.
  Come to think of it, Alice was always peculiar about things she deemed "hers."
  It was morning, and there were ten days left in December.
  While the rest of the city was preparing for Christmas festivities, Soujyuro headed to his part-time job.
  Though it looked like it could snow at any minute, the tree-lined streets were busy with foot traffic.
  These days were particularly merry.
  Students on winter break spent their days hanging out with friends while they counted down the days until the holidays.
  Colorful Christmas cakes lined storefronts, placed like charms to ward off evil.
  Huge advertisements adorned the sides of buildings.
  The station plaza bustled with pop-up stalls.
  Soujyuro stepped out of the milling crowd and into a phone booth.
  Safe from the winter wind, the inside seemed warm by comparison.
  The thought that it would actually be nice to have one in the mountains 
crossed his mind as he inserted a coin into the phone.
  He dialed a number from memory, his fingers punching the keys with a somewhat practiced motion.
  After about five seconds, the phone began to ring.
  Another five seconds, another ring...
  Ten seconds had passed.
  He gazed through the window at the various signs on the surrounding buildings, and marveled at the sheer number of people out and about so early.
  The number he dialed was that of Tobimaru Tsukiji.
  The Tsukiji name was well-known in Misaki as a distinguished landowning family going back generations.
  Incidentally, their residence was located in the neighboring town of Yashirogi.
  A kind, elderly female voice finally replaced the ringtone.
  After her polite greeting, she handed over the phone to Soujyuro's target.
"Morning, Tobimaru."
"'Ey. Mornin'."
  He was still half-asleep, or so it sounded to Soujyuro.
"I need to ask you something. Do you have a second?"
"Mm. Speak."
  His response did not exactly inspire confidence in Soujyuro, but he cut right to the chase.
"..."
  There was a long pause.
  He was hard to read from this end of the receiver.
"...This is what you wake me up for?
  Listen here, Soujyuro. If she's mad at you, take her out somewhere. Try to butter her up, show her a good time. If that doesn't do the trick, then cut her loose. What do you want me to say?"
  And with a "peace," Tobimaru hung up.
  It may have been ten in the morning to Soujyuro, but after dealing with what seemed like a six o'clock Tobimaru, all he could do nod earnestly.
  He had a feeling his friend had just been trying to end the call, but deep down, he knew that the advice was sound.
  After the phone ordeal, Soujyuro finished up his shopping and returned to the mansion just before noon.
  He was greeted by the sight of Aoko and Alice sitting in silent gloom.
  Though he was unsure of the circumstances, from the outside looking in, it seemed like the aftermath of an argument.
  The silence was as deafening as a blizzard...or rather, the biting cold and stinging wind of it.
  One might also compare the drawing room to an enormous walk-in freezer.
  It would not have been surprising to look up and see icicles hanging from the ceiling.
(They're at it again.)
  He felt like a zookeeper pained to see the raccoon and penguin at each other's throats.
 In fact, he had seen this literally happen the other day at his zoo janitor job,
 and now, he glanced between them like a zookeeper trying to gauge the animals' temper.
  Needless to say, the silence meant they were not fighting at this moment.
  Dinner served as a respite from the conflict.
  Soujyuro was oblivious to the circumstances surrounding the quarrel, but their day-in day-out battles against the mysterious mage was clearly taking a toll.
(Not that Alice looks anything but grumpy.)
  Across from the quiet and contemplative Aoko, Alice was reading an old book in her lap, as she was accustomed to.
  The book seemed somehow heavier than the other ones.
"I'm home. Looks like I just missed the discussion."
  He greeted them as he took off his coat.
"If only. 'Discussion' implies progress.
  You're way off, Soujyuro."
"?"
  Without quite knowing what Aoko was getting at, Soujyuro quizzically tilted his head.
  He told himself not to think too hard into it, but it only made him more curious.
"In fact, we're not even close to an agreement.
  If anything, I'd say we've debated ourselves into a corner."
  Seemingly too preoccupied to scold Soujyuro, Aoko waved her hand as though shooing off an insect.
  But Soujyuro being Soujyuro...
"Okay, let me start over.
  Hey, you two. Any progress since last time?"
  Soujyuro held his ground.
"That's none of your business.
  What did l tell you? Mage affairs are not for your ears."
  Her response was calm, but pointed.
  Surliness was her weapon of choice, and today she seemed determined to swing it at will.
"Yes, I remember. ...Did you two eat yet?"
  Soujyuro chose to brush off Aoko's attitude.
If Aoko's weapon was surliness, Soujyuro's was blitheness.
  He wielded just enough of it to make Aoko flinch.
"What's with you today? Did something nice happen to you?"
  Soujyuro shook his head.
"Not yet. But I do have a proposal for you."
  He dug around in the pocket of his coat, which was now on a hanger.
  Aoko gave him a dubious stare, while Alice's ears perked up at his upbeat tone.
"Actually, today was payday.
  Which means I have money. We should go out and do something."
  He spoke with a warm smile as he removed his wallet from his coat pocket.
  The other two did not know what to make of it.
"Soujyuro...?"
  She wanted to take exception to his bright mood, but found herself wrestling with the idea of reacting positively to it.
  After all, he was making a gesture of good faith to try and make things better with what little funds he had.
  The thought itself was not a bad one.
  While there was always the chance that Alice would keep quiet until the slightest thing annoyed her―at which point she would ruin everything―Aoko wanted to accept his goodwill.
  However, she was not in the mood to walk around town with either of the two, nor was the timing ideal.
"Sorry, but I'm kinda busy. I'll take you up on it some other time though. Just remind me."
  Alice seemed to give the same response, though wordlessly.
  Soujyuro was not about to be held back by the sullen mood.
"Busy doing what, sitting here in silence?
  Wasn't it you, Aozaki, that said a change of pace was important when working overnight? Sometimes you need to take one step back to take two steps forward."
  Soujyuro spoke with unusual confidence, as he drew two tickets from his wallet and slapped them on the table.
  At first glance, they looked like advance tickets to a movie...but not quite. They were tickets to a famous aquarium.
  To get there, they would take the rapid train and subway to a city several times more modern than Misaki.
  It housed not only the biggest shopping mall in the prefecture, but also a multi-purpose auditorium―set to open next year―designed to host international conferences and stage productions.
"Oh, and eat some curry at Messiaen, on me."
  Saying that, he slapped two bills on the table, as if he had struck it rich.
  It was Soujyuro's turn to make dinner tonight, after all.
"Be seeing you."
  His business concluded, Soujyuro returned his wallet to his coat pocket.
  It was then that Aoko realized what Soujyuro meant by "be seeing you."
"Y-you mean you're not coming with us?"
"I have to work tonight."
  Soujyuro was almost too quick with his response, helping Aoko to see things for what they really were.
  Rather than for Soujyuro's benefit, his gesture was instead an attempt to ease the tension that had built up between Aoko and Alice.
  Though if asked, both girls would tell you it was an unnecessary gesture.
  Still...
  For him to pay this much attention to the household, if anything, gave Aoko reason to reflect on her own immaturity.
"..."
  Aoko glanced over to the still-seated Alice.
  At the same time, Alice peeked up at Aoko from behind her book.
  They kept still, staring at each other.
"...I'll go if you go.
  I'm almost done with my book."
"Okay. It would be a waste not to."
  Aoko stood up from the sofa, resigned to her decision.
  Soujyuro watched on, a satisfied smile on his face.
  Twenty minutes later.
  As Aoko and Alice were done getting ready, Aoko called out to Soujyuro in the drawing room.
"All right, we're leaving now. ...Soujyuro?"
  Soujyuro was crouched in front of the television, unaware that the two had entered the room.
"Are you fiddling with the VCR?"
"Oh, hey. Good timing. How do I―"
  Pausing his audiovisual struggles, Soujyuro turned around.
"..."
  He froze in shock, forgetting what he was about to say.
"You okay? Listen, we're taking you up on your offer and going out. ...Did you drop something behind the TV?"
  Soujyuro appeared to have gone stiff. Aoko stared at him curiously.
  Though Alice silently nodded along with his bizarre reaction,
  she kept her thoughts to herself.
"...No.
  ...It's just...
 Um..."
  Still gawking, his voice stuck in his throat.
  He was blissfully unaware that the shock he was experiencing was the direct result of his emotional state.
"Spit it out already.
  God, I wish your weird reactions made sense sometimes. Does Alice have something on her face, or...?"
  Alice looked on in silence.
  He was not confused, or in a daydream. That much he could tell. But this frozen look was by all accounts a first for Soujyuro.
"So what is it then?"
"Oh, uhhh... This thing, here.
  How exactly do I use it?"
  Shaking his head to regain his composure, Soujyuro pointed to the VCR.
  A VHS player sat on a shelf beneath the TV.
"What? You want to record something?"
  Aoko walked over and crouched next to Soujyuro in front of the TV.
"No, I just borrowed a video from Kinomi, but it won't play."
"Well... for starters, the TV isn't turned on."
  With a click, the TV screen flickered alive.
"Next, you have to switch to the video input...
  That's weird, it's all dark. Knowing Kinomi, I'm surprised the recording doesn't start from the very beginning."
  During this time period, video tapes were still rather expensive.
  Therefore, it was only natural for people to not want to waste a single second of the tape's one-hundred and twenty minute capacity.
"Especially considering how serious he is about his hobbies. Oh well, we'll have to fast-forward."
  Aoko picked the small remote up, and quickly pushed the button marked FWD.
"Hm?"
  The VCR beeped in protest.
  With several clicks and thuds, there was an empty whirr from within the machine.
"Don't look at me. I didn't break it. I think..."
  The vast majority of people who say this are actually very prone to destroying electrical equipment. But that is a separate matter.
"Umm... There's no tape in here."
  As soon as the words left her lips, it all made sense.
"Tape?"
  Soujyuro imagined adhesive tape, clearly confused.
"Soujyuro. Did Kinomi give you something?"
"You mean the thing on the table?"
"..."
  Though she should have been used to it by now, she caught herself wondering if Soujyuro was being stupid deliberately.
"Soujyuro. What exactly did Kinomi say? Do you remember?"
"Yeah, he said, 'I'll totally lend you this tape. When you get home, ^just watch the TV.'"
"Great. So he left out the most important part.
  Honestly... This is so sad it's almost scary. Just when I thought you were finally adapting. How you make it through a day is a mystery to me."
  Exasperated, Aoko fetched the tape in question.
  It was labeled "GAKUGAKU Animal Kingdom: African Adventure."
  To Aoko, this knocked Housuke Kinomi down a level on the ratings file she kept with the student council.
"Okay, you put the tape in the VCR, and push 'Play'. The tab isn't broken, so just be careful not to hit the record button."
"What's a tab?"
"Right here. See the indent on the side of the tape here? The 'tab' is this little plastic cover.
If you snap this tab off, you can't record on this tape anymore.
  How can I explain this...? Think of it like a notebook for class.
  It's like a sealant you spray over the page so it can't be erased. Think of it as  a physical barrier against common human error."
  She inserted the tape into the VCR, and handed the remote to Soujyuro.
  Just this small interaction used up a fair bit of Aoko's patience.
  Completely ignorant of Aoko's feelings, Soujyuro gleefully pressed the play button.
"Whew... I was afraid we weren't going to make it this far for a second there. That was a bit much, even for someone as out of place as you are.
  What were you doing up there in the mountains? Don't tell me you were some karate master, training against bears or something?"
  Even Soujyuro managed to pick up on Aoko's rude tone, and he frowned disapprovingly.
"Was that an attempt to insult me?"
"Umm... You mean just now, or all the other times?"
  Aoko answered, unapologetically.
  On the TV, a crocodile's yawning mouth appeared.
"Don't be ridiculous. Why would anyone train against bears?"
  Soujyuro turned toward the TV in a huff.
  Perhaps because of his rare outburst, as he turned face to face with the gaping maw of the crocodile on the TV, he fell backwards in surprise.
  Aoko unpursed her lips upon seeing this, delighted.
  It was relieving to see the boy disarmed.
"Hey, Aozaki. These machines have gotten kinda dusty. Don't you clean them?"
"Why bother? I hardly ever use them, and Alice doesn't watch TV.
  I bought some exercise videos to train with, but got bored of them. Who would have thought you actually need to do the exercises instead of just watching the damn thing?"
  Aoko shrugged at her past superficiality.
  And Soujyuro was led to believe yet another falsehood about modern life-that VCRs would go out of fashion.
"Well then, we're off. Try not to burn the place to the ground.
  And in case you were wondering, I know you don't have work tonight."
  Aoko walked out of the drawing room, smiling.
"..."
  Her grin was the cheap shot that left Soujyuro speechless.
  As he scratched his cheek, he was reminded that she was not someone to be trifled with.
  After watching the end of the drama between her housemates, Alice made for the reception area as well.
  Left alone in the room, Soujyuro took his seat on the sofa.
  ...Well.
  It was certainly not easy making everything run smoothly around these parts.
  Until they came back, he could enjoy his crocodile-watching in peace.
  They took the subway from Misaki for six stations.
  From there, they rode another three stops by express train.
  After about an hour, Aoko and Alice arrived at Arisaka Station.
  While Misaki City was a mixture of old and new architecture, Arisaka was a brand-new town built in accordance with recent government ordinance.
  It was as though an entire town full of tall buildings sprouted up in the middle of nowhere.
  It was near the end of December, in the middle of winter break.
  Even the bustling plaza in Misaki was quiet compared to Arisaka in the evening.
  Whether it was the huge mall full of countless specialty stores, or the crowded multi-purpose auditorium, there really was something for everyone here.
  For that reason, beyond its local residents, Arisaka's station was crowded with people from far and wide.
"Cool. That must be their fancy new performance arts center.
  It's supposed to have the biggest concert hall in the prefecture. I wonder what it's like inside. Look how much grander it is than the buildings around it!"
  They made their way to the aquarium, weaving through the crowds.
  Aoko might have been used to city life,
  but Alice was silently anxious.
  The people passing by must have thought this pale girl out of place, which Alice happened to agree with.
"Oh! It says a big artist is coming summer of next year... 
Oh my god, it's Pink Trudy!
  Alice, this says it'll be their first live appearance in Japan!"
  Aoko exclaimed, overcome by excitement.
  This kind of pop-rock band was right up Aoko's alley, but naturally, Alice did not seem very interested.
"I'm more amazed by the Polish orchestra they've invited to open for them.
  This must be costing them a fortune.
How incorrigible..."
"Ah."
  Aoko cursed under her breath before hurrying them along.
  Underneath the construction map read, "With the support of the Kuonji Group."
  The aquarium they were looking for was on the top floor of a massive building.
  Maybe it was because it was no longer a new attraction,
  or perhaps it was because the first-floor cinema drew the crowds...
  With only a few people scattered around the entrance, the atmosphere inside was very calm.
  It wasn't quiet, but desolate,
  and far removed from the hustle and bustle outside.
  Perhaps they were going for a museum-like mood.
"..."
  Alice quietly caught her breath, staring in awe.
  She was like a child seeing the circus for the first time,
  her eyes wide in anticipation and wonder.
"It's to the lady's liking I see. Good, good.
  I guess Soujyuro's idea wasn't totally off the mark, then, huh?"
  Aoko found herself smiling as well.
  There was a certain joy in seeing Alice's wonderment.
"Not really. I just find rooftop aquariums to be kind of novel."
  According to the guide on the wall, the entrance to the aquarium was nearly as big as the Kuonji mansion's foyer.
  The outdoor penguin show was apparently suspended due to the star penguin "Flippy" undergoing treatment for an injury.
  It was an unfortunate state of affairs, but one that did not stop Alice from continuing to read over the guide. Apparently, she was quite familiar with penguin shows.
  Then...
"...Eh?"
" I can't believe it,"
  Alice quietly whimpered, as if holding back a scream.
"Hey hey, what's wrong?"
  Aoko said, still looking at the floor plan.
  It was rare to see Alice getting this emotional outside of the mansion.
  For some reason, she was trembling.
  Nothing seemed terribly off about the aquarium's offerings.
"There's no giant tortoises."
"No what?"
"It's all wrong, Aoko.
  Why is there no giant tortoise exhibit?"
"Why? I don't know. Are giant tortoises even aquatic? Maybe it's because they take up too much space."
"Why though? They have penguins. It's not fair.
Look, they even have a dolphin. This is absurd."
  It was a bitter pill for Alice to swallow.
  The idea that they did not have a giant tortoise, despite having a dolphin, had Alice's eyes hot with indignation.
"Ahhh... Now that you mention it...
  If penguins and dolphins are standard fare, you'd have thought they would at least have a giant tortoise. What were they thinking?"
  Aoko said, certain something like a giant tortoise would be boring and unpopular.
  She was sensible enough to read the room, however, and kept her thought to herself.
"Let's go, Alice. We have tickets so we can skip the line."
  A few moments after the giant tortoise fiasco...
  Presenting the tickets they received from Soujyuro, they headed toward the once popular entrance.
  From the entrance gate, the corridor stretched into a dark hallway completely illuminated in blue.
  Figures and faces became mere silhouettes in the darkness.
  It was no darkness born from magecraft, but a man-made area of twilight...
  A world of shadow and blue, the only light being from the illuminated tanks.
  The two witches continued walking down the artificial ocean corridor.
  Water tanks seemed like windows into hundreds of different worlds.
  Each had their own separate temperature and environment.
  It was as if they were snapshots of the same place at different times.
  Mesmerized by the refracting images of the ocean floor, the housemates' conversation grew sparse.
"That reminds me, Alice. You have this huge mansion without a pool. What's up with that?"
"Figures. You come to an aquarium and that's what you think about.
  Wanting superfluous things is a bad habit of yours, Aoko."
"Aww, a pool isn't superfluous. Besides, aren't pools more common in England than Japan?
  Or... could it be that you can't swim?"
"I've spent enough time in a swimsuit. I often swam in the lake as a child.
And I never once lost a race to our big St. Bernard."
"A St. Bernard...? Wait, don't tell me. You had trouble with your breathing, didn't you?"
"Ugh. Spare me the swimming lesson.
  'Crawl'? 'Butterfly'? The people who invented those were probably half-fish anyway."
  Clack, clack, clack.
  Their pace was more delicate and solemn than a stroll along the beach.
  It was the sort of absent-minded chat one might hear between girls anywhere in the world.
  In here, the only thing to do was look at blue screens.
"I'm surprised you were willing to leave him alone in the house. You're not worried he'll go snooping in the west wing, are you?"
"He... can't possibly be that foolish.
  Besides..."
"It'd save us trouble if he did?"
"...It's not that.
  I just don't think he's the type to break his word."
  That he was not.
  Aoko nodded, her long hair waving back and forth,
  a certain gleam of surprise in her eyes.
  Onward they meandered to the next aquatic world.
  Clack, clack, clack.
"By the way, is this your first time at an aquarium?"
"Second. I went with a friend long ago."
"No way. Really?"
"Yes, really. More than six years ago, when I was still in England."
"No, I mean the friend part. I thought you said you didn't have any friends."
"That was... a long time ago. We even had the same name.
  We used to play all the time, but we fell out of touch."
"That's right, Alice must be a pretty common name over there. Here it's all 'Ryoko' or 'Hanako' and such."
"Indeed. Or names referencing colors, like 'Aoko,' 'Akako,' 'Kuroko,' or 'Shirako.'"
"They do all end with 'ko,' don't they..."
  To each their own, a society of names.
  The swirling of the waters was dizzying,
  much like the hectic world of humans.
  Their hands swung back and forth as they walked toward the next world.
"Incidentally, Aoko, what exactly is your plan for him?"
"Well, once our current issue is resolved and things calm down, I'll find the rune for erasing his memory, and he'll forget we ever existed. He won't be a bother for much longer."
"...A bother to whom? Me?"
"Hm...? O-oh, yeah. Obviously.
Wow, this fish is really pretty! It makes me want to swim. Hey, we should go to the beach next summer!"
"The beach... You mean...by the ocean?"
"Of course. You know, fun under the hot summer sun, sand between your toes, watching the sun set on the horizon...
  We couldn't go this year, so why don't we go together next year?"
"Your optimism is exhausting.
  But... that does sound nice. If we manage to survive until next summer, that is."
  Clack, clack, clack.
  The two girls journeyed to the next oceanic wonderland,
  mutually taking in the sights.
  The visitors to these winter waters had begun to leave, satisfied by their tour.
  The sound of their footsteps heralded their farewell.
  An hour into the wayfaring sea voyage...
  Losing themselves in the maze-like corridors of seemingly endless exhibits, they somehow found themselves on the next floor.
  Aoko had heard that the aquarium was situated on the top floor, and was shocked to find out there was yet another above it.
  It was likely by design that the actual top floor could only be accessed from within the aquarium.
  Moments of intrigue such as this are what attractions were made for.
"Alice?"
  Turning this way and that, she found Alice had disappeared.
  Her houesmate had just been there, however, and Aoko took to looking for her.
  She soon found her nearby.
  Her white overcoat shone brightly in front of the dimly lit exhibit.
  She was staring motionless into the water tank.
  Alice almost looked to be staring through it, as though distracted by something.
"What's wrong, Alice? Are you feeling okay?"
  She spoke, hoping to snap her out of it.
  Alice's typically cold aura seemed to have all but left her.
"Is it a rare fish? ...This looks like the tank they use for all the fish that don't fit anywhere else."
  Alice gave a noncommittal response.
  Just ahead of her gaze was a single shadow.
"Wow, an ocean sunfish."
  Alice remained motionless, unresponsive to Aoko's sarcasm.
  She stood in silence, watching the poor little fish, drifting listlessly in the tank where they put the fish that did not fit anywhere else, here at the end of the hall.
  To put it lightly, sunfish were not especially pleasant to look at.
  When looking at one, it begged the question of what direction evolution wanted to take with it.
  It looked like it swam using rudder-like fins on its top and bottom, but lacked the grace of other fish.
  To Aoko, its eyes, body, and strange movements made it an awkward creature.
  But...
"Hey, Alice, let's check out the whale shark exhibit over there. It sounds really exciting, don't you think?"
  Alice, unmoved, fixated on the sunfish.
  It clumsily drifted around its tank, occasionally bumping into the glass as it turned.
"Aoko, this little one can't swim well."
  Alice extended her finger toward the glass, then retracted it, feeling childish.
"Well, whatever. I suppose sunfish have their own charm."
  It did not seem like Alice was going to budge.
  Resigning herself, Aoko stayed with Alice while she stared at the cushion-shaped fish.
"Huh. They have eyes like puffer fish. It also says here that the females can produce more eggs than any other known vertebrate, up to three hundred million at a time. Neat...
  The babies become prey to other fish, so in a way giving birth to so many is a means of survival for them."
  Though Aoko seemed taken in by the biological details of the fish, Alice couldn't have cared less.
  She was lost in the ebb and flow of emotions between wonder and woe with every clumsy bump of the fish into the glass.
  Out of nowhere, she softly spoke.
"About before..."
"Huh? Before? When?"
"About him. About leaving the house in his care."
  It seemed like Alice had returned to her normal self.
  There was that cold aura.
  Whether inside the mansion or out, that stubborn chill that pushed people away was back.
"I haven't changed my mind.
  He is still a complete unknown. How can I trust someone I know nothing about?"
"...I guess. But then why let him...?"
"Because I know you, Aoko. You always make the right decision. So... I'm trusting your judgment on the matter."
"..."
  It was true. She did not know Soujyuro, nor had any intention to.
  But because of her trust in Aoko, she could trust in Aoko's decision to allow him to stay.
  It seemed Alice was challenging her own feelings.
  She said she could not trust someone she did not know.
  In other words, she wished to trust him, and in order to do so, she needed to know more about him.
"Well, I don't really know how to respond to that, Alice.
  Also, I had no idea you trusted me that much."
"I do trust you. I may not be fond of you, but I trust you.
  Because we're partners in crime, aren't we?"
  Her white coat swayed to and fro.
  Just like that, their short excursion had come to an end.
  Straight ahead was the exit back to the real world.
  A step away from the exhibit was a step toward becoming better roommates.
"...Such a kind face, but so clearly scarred."
  One last, small whisper.
  And with that, she bid farewell to the lonely figure in the tank.
  The sun set early during winter.
  By four in the afternoon, it had already fallen below the horizon.
  Evening seemed to arrive at the mansion earlier than in the city.
"I see. Now I know all about crocodiles."
  Soujyuro sat alone, sipping his warm tea in the chilly room.
  He relaxed on the couch staring out the window, having had his fill of crocodiles.
  Once he sprawled out on the sofa, his body refused to move. Maybe he'd had always wanted to try it.
  After three straight hours of crocodile-watching, he intently pondered what it would be like to laze there for the remainder of the day like a reptile.
"..."
  Just as he was considering the opportunity nap until Aoko and Alice returned, an unnatural noise echoed through the halls of the mansion.
"...?"
  Sluggishly, he rose from all fours to a bipedal state, as if undergoing an evolution of his own.
  It was a knocking sound that repeated itself regularly, with patient pauses in between.
  He recognized the cadence from something he'd experienced at his apartment before.
"...Hm? A newspaper salesman?"
  Making for the foyer, Soujyuro was impressed that they had hiked all the way up the hill.
  The knocking resounded eerily.
  Without a doorbell of any kind, visitors had no choice but to rap on the door using whatever they had in hand.
  It would take a literal iron fist to produce the din Soujyuro heard now.
  From his position in the hall, the front door looked like an ornately built fortification.
  The sturdy double doors looked as though they could withstand any onslaught of blows.
  But now, they rattled in protest to the repeated knocking.
  Whoever the visitor was, they seemed determined to breach the castle gate by force if its defender refused to sally forth.
  Fortunately for them, Soujyuro was sympathetic, having experience selling newspapers himself.
"Just a second!"
  He knew what it was like to be in those shoes, so was unsurprised by their persistence.
"..."
  There stood the second surprise of the day.
  Soujyuro was struck speechless.
  He was greeted by a young woman who hardly looked the part of a newspaper hawker.
  Standing in the courtyard against a dusk-lit horizon, she appeared more at home in the European mansion than Soujyuro did.
  She carried a dignified air, in spite of her dainty frame.
  While a tad shorter than Soujyuro, she was tall for her sex.
  Her green clothing was subtly colored yet flashy, and clearly inspired by foreign fashion.
  She seemed prim and proper, yet bold―
  though vaguely garish, her appearance spoke of strength and confidence.
  Soujyuro knew all too well that such a woman was not to be trifled with.
  Only, unlike the one he knew, this stranger appeared more friendly than intimidating.
  Perhaps it was her short hair that made her look approachable.
  Bright and brown, it stopped just above the nape of her neck.
  Soujyuro silently thought that it was a shame she hadn't grown it out.
  She looked at him and offered a smile.
  Despite seeming visibly older than him, this made her appear impish and cute.
"..."
  Soujyuro reacted with suspicion, knowing better by now than to fall for a charming smile.
  At any rate, it was rude to stare.
"Um, can I help you?"
  He tried not to look flustered as he greeted the visitor.
  To which she replied,
"Good evening. Is Aoko home?"
  She smiled as she used Aoko's first name with a familiar tone.
"Aozaki isn't home right now."
  She smiled again, this time deviously upon learning of Aoko's absence.
"Then I take it Miss Kuonji is away, too?"
  Soujyuro looked perplexed.
  This was the first time he had heard Alice referred to by her last name only, and again, with the familiarity of an old friend.
"I see. It's nice to hear that they can get out during the day, instead of only during the dead of night.
I was under the impression that living together was merely a facade, but they really do get along."
  Soujyuro found himself nodding in response to her smile.
  It was strange enough that the visitor knew both Aoko and Alice, but Soujyuro found her odd as well.
  Likely in her early twenties, she did not appear much older than he was.
  She was clearly hiding something behind her nonchalant manner and bright smile.
"So they won't be home until the evening, then?"
"That's correct, though I expect them back before the last train."
"I see. And who might you be?"
  Soujyuro, troubled by her forwardness, wanted to ask her the same.
  Alas, "who are you?" was a question far too difficult for Soujyuro.
"I'm sorry. I don't really know how to answer that.
  For now, I'm the house-sitter. I'm a friend of Aozaki's, to tell the truth."
  It was a response without an ounce of persuasion to it.
  The young woman's face lit up at what she believed was the boy's attempt to tease her.
"Aren't you a funny one? What's your name, dear?"
"It's... Soujyuro Sizuki."
  His shy answer made her giggle.
  Soujyuro had no idea what he'd said that was so funny, but her laugh did not offend him. It came across as warm and affable, rather than derogatory.
  Then...
  After she finished giggling, the woman fixed him with rather a rather tender look.
"I think I like you. Soujyuro, was it?
  A fine name for hypnosis, though it doesn't really suit you. Now then, pour me some tea, would you?"
"Huh? Uh, wait―"
  She slipped past him into the house, boldly striding through the entrance hall.
"Wow, it's just as I remember it.
  I thought she would have repaired the damaged pieces, what with taking the trouble to bring them all the way here. I would have fixed up the warped columns, at least."
  The visitor cheerfully inspected the foyer.
  Soujyuro still stood at the entrance.
  The clicking of her heels on the wooden floor echoed as she moved toward the drawing room.
"Why are you standing there? The drawing room is this way, isn't it?"
  She disappeared from the foyer into the drawing room, oddly familiar with the layout of the house.
"Does she know Aozaki from school? Or maybe she knows Alice?"
  Soujyuro muttered to himself, walking to the drawing room.
  He entered to see the woman walking around the room gleefully.
  Like someone strolling down a park boulevard,
  she peered around, breathing in the nostalgia,
  twirling with ladylike―or rather, girlish―glee.
"Hm? Wait a minute... This TV is..."
  She stared at the television inquisitively. Perhaps she had never seen a thirty-inch television before.
  Awkwardly for Soujyuro, the cathode-ray tube was still displaying images of the animal kingdom.
  He wished he'd stopped the video before he answered the door.
"Er, may I..."
  He blurted half a question, attempting to regain his composure.
  There were many questions to be answered, but he first resolved to ask her name, at least.
  The woman turned a coldly observant gaze on him.
  Her intimidating eyes and long, thin eyebrows bored into Soujyuro through her spectacles.
"..."
  Soujyuro had intended no offense, but now he felt like he had chosen his words very poorly.
  He apologetically clammed up.
  Then...
"Come now, Soujyuro. 'May I'? Really?
  Do I look like some old lady to you?"
  She snickered.
  Her disapproving glare melted into a teasing smile.
  Of course, that wasn't true at all.  It would be more accurate to say she had the air of an older sister.
  Or at least, that was what Soujyuro attempted to express with body language, to which she grinned smugly.
"Very well. Let's do away with the formalities, shall we? They're beginning to bore me, anyway."
  Without making a sound, she took an effortless seat on the sofa,
  as naturally as if she belonged there.
  Her posture and movements exuded sophistication,
and she required no words to instruct him to hurry along and make the tea.
  Without pressing her further, Soujyuro headed to the kitchen.
It seemed that the conversation would not proceed until tea had been served.
  He chose the Fauchon he was forced to replace once before, after using it without permission.
  Since she was here to see Aoko, he decided to serve her using Aoko's Sèvres tea cup.
  Into the cup as blue as the ocean depths, he carefully poured the tea before returning to the drawing room.
  Gently, he placed the teacup on the table, and faced the woman.
"Um. Forgive me for not asking earlier, but should I take it that you're an acquaintance of Aozaki's...or whatever?"
  Despite being told otherwise, Soujyuro could not help but stand on ceremony.
  His clumsy effort to make the question sound casual only jumbled it further.
  The visitor's eyes narrowed again in displeasure.
"That's what I mean. Would you stop calling her 'Aozaki'? It's beginning to grate on me. Just use 'Aoko.'"
  The woman kept the rest of her expression indifferent as she slowly raised the cup to take a sip.
  Smiling, she tolerated the tea that Aoko and Alice regularly criticized as bitter and clumsily brewed.
  Soujyuro had yet to learn that society thoughtfully awarded participation trophies to people merely for trying, regardless of the outcome.
"Come. Don't stand there. Sit.
  I don't like being looked down on."
"...?"
  Soujyuro tilted his head, noting a slight familiarity to her manner of speech.
It was almost...as if they'd met somewhere before.
"Wait..."
  The sight of her sitting on the sofa began to stir forgotten memories.
  Noticing his reaction, the woman became visibly delighted.
"You remember me. I can tell you I was as surprised as you are.
I came all the way here to see Aoko, and instead I find you standing there to greet me."
"...Oh!"
  Now that she was chuckling, Soujyuro remembered everything.
  He had only glimpsed her for a moment, but there was no mistaking it.
  It had to be her―the woman smoking the long cigarette who had cleaned out the pachinko parlor!
"You gave me quite the fright that day, Soujyuro.
  You took one look at me and ran away.
  How terrifying you must think I am, reacting like that. You hurt my feelings, you know."
  In spite of her words, she clearly enjoyed the memory.
  She was right. He'd mistaken her for the murderous shadow (Aoko) in the park from the previous night, and fled in mortal terror.
  Even though it was clearly a case of mistaken identity, he could now see why he had mixed them up.
(...So that's why. They feel similar.)
  Finally, Soujyuro realized who the visitor was. He chided himself for not realizing it sooner.
"You must be―"
  Just as he was about to say it, she held up her hand to interrupt him.
  She pointed at him like she was aiming a gun.
"Forgive me. Your reaction was just so cute, I got carried away teasing you.
  It's a little late, but my name is Touko Aozaki.
  Surprise―I'm Aoko's big sister."
  That figured. No wonder he'd been charmed at first sight.
  It wasn't hard to envision Touko as a not-too-distant future version of Aoko, with her smile that imparted courage to any who glimpsed it.
  Only...
  While Aoko was earnest and diligent, Touko seemed to be shrewd and playful.
"I heard my sister was in trouble.
  So I came all the way over here to set her straight."
  Aoko's sister chuckled coyly while sipping her tea.
  Lured by her charm, Soujyuro sat on the sofa as well. He felt like he could relax a little, now that the initial shock of an unexpected guest had subsided.
  Just like that, it was almost five in the afternoon.
  Aoko and Alice would be returning from their excursion soon.
  This was Misaki City's only subway line.
  Only half a year had passed since its opening, and at the end of the fairly new platform, there the two girls stood.
  The time was six-thirty in the evening.
  They had been idling for around twenty minutes since returning from Arisaka and had yet to return to street level.
"Aoko."
  There was a hint of irritation in Alice's voice.
"I'm not done yet. Just one more, okay?"
  Aoko begged Alice, hands together, trembling from the cold.
  It was rare to see her act this childish.
  No doubt Tobimaru would consider this behavior more strange than cute if he were here.
  From the end of the platform, Aoko peered into the creeping darkness to where the tracks led.
"You have the strangest taste."
  Alice muttered, sitting on the bench with forbearance.
  Any other day and she would have been fine heading back by herself, but today she was in a good mood and decided to humor Aoko.
  Knowing full well that her rare spells of positivity were about as fragile as freshly fallen snow, she hoped to go home while she was still in high spirits.
  Eyes closed, her placid demeanor conveyed her feelings well enough.
  Thus, the two of them waited on the platform alone for a subway train they had no intention of riding.
  The subway had recently opened for service.
  The people of Misaki were humble folk, and for now, few passengers were drawn to the novelty and high prices of the new train.
  Thanks to the low foot traffic, the platform was still as good as new.
  There was something primeval about a subway devoid of people.
  It was a picture of tranquility, free of human interference―
  not just silent, but lifeless.
  This was a realm unmolested by living creatures, where only speechless organisms dwelt.
  The harshly artificial fluorescent lighting underscored its soullessness.
  It was a cave where light ended and shadows began,
  where riderless vessels disappeared into the dark.
  The platform was wedged between two tracks, like a jetty built upon a subterranean sea.
  In this place, far removed from the world above, Aoko waited with eyes closed for the familiar rumble.
  It was she who had proposed that they delay their return and rest at the platform.
  The reason was simple:
  Aoko Aozaki enjoyed the soothing sound of passing subway trains.
"I probably won't get to see any more live bands this year, so at least let me have this,"
  she had said to Alice, her eyes still closed.
  Alice had neither nodded nor objected, and so they'd watched three trains come and go.
  Silence fell again.
  Aoko waited for the next train with anticipation.
  Alice sat and stared at the tunnel wall patiently.
  According to the display board, the next train was due to arrive in five minutes.
  From the dark tunnel came wind and rumbling.
"..."
  A purposefully placed Bounded Field now surrounded the platform.
  There was no sign of any station personnel, and entrances and exits were few and narrow.
  The lack of bystanders made the field hardly necessary.
  Suddenly, six figures appeared in front of the stairs to the surface.
  ...They all shared the same face.
  Motionless and with smiles like the crescent moon, they stared at Aoko and Alice.
"...I can't believe I missed that."
  Alice let out a quiet, dejected sigh.
"Alice? What's wrong?"
"...Must you ask? Didn't you notice that you and I were the only ones to get off at this station?"
"I mean, this subway is usually pretty dead anyway, so..."
  Aoko trailed off, tutting in annoyance.
"So, what tipped you off?"
"The impending gloom I felt a moment ago.
  I'm not entirely blaming you. This wouldn't have happened if we were a better team."
"Enough sniveling."
  They traded stoic and calm words, never moving or making eye contact.
  In contrast, the figures near the stairs began to stir.
  As though regressing from primates to wild beasts, they dropped prone in unison...
  ...and scrambled forth, like man-sized ants.
  They advanced as a stream, one after another.
  Soon, the clattering came not just from the platform entrances, but from the subway tunnel as well.
  At a glance, they numbered at least thirty strong.
  The eerie skittering multiplied, echoing off the subway walls.
"This is ridiculous. Forget Misaki; with this many automata, you could take over all of southern France."
"...True, but I doubt there would be much demand for dolls of such poor quality."
"Junk is junk, after all."
  One of the horde leapt forward in response to Aoko's insult.
  It was a sudden charge, like a hurtling dump truck.
  Alice remained still.
  As though expecting the attack, Aoko swung her right arm in an arc.
  The blue missile of light was easily repelled.
  Her magic bullet, Snap, had little to no effect on the puppets.
  They scrambled over each other like frogs, heads jerking and twisting in search of prey.
"I count...thirty total. Sorry Alice, but I'm gonna need you to hang back. I can't have you thinking last time was my best."
  As she spoke to Alice, who was still sitting on a bench, Aoko stepped toward the edge of the platform.
  Among the myriad regrets she still had from the amusement park, the house of mirrors stung the most.
  She had been caught off guard in her last battle against that puppet.
  But today, she'd come prepared, and she had Alice as backup.
  Aoko ignited her Magic Crest. This time, she would restore her honor, and―
"Get behind me, Aoko. It'll eat you too if you stand there."
  All it took to stop Aoko was one raised finger.
"Alice, wait, you can't―"
  In the depths of the ocean black, the bells of night chimed out.
  The jetty, as if embraced by a sea god like Poseidon or Wadatsumi,
  became awash with white...
  White motes, which seemed to engulf everything.
"You always leave a mess, Aoko.
  Not to mention the next train will be arriving soon, and..."
  Behind the white veil, her form blurred and stretched upward.
  She was like a melancholy ballerina.
  The figures surrounding the prima ballerina bristled in response to the strange aura.
  Though puppets were inhuman Mystical vessels,
  they had far more reason to fear Alice than they did the human Aoko.
  They began to flee.
  Whoever their master was, they sensed enough danger to order a retreat.
  However... 
it was too late. The dancers were captivated by their prima, transfixed in place,
 as if their Achilles tendons had been severed.
"Besides...
  It wasn't just you who ruined my mood."
  She removed her black glove.
  Unlike her subdued demeanor at the mansion, Alice's aura away from home was a biting, frigid blizzard that none could approach.
  Her discarded gloves floated down, settling on the platform deck.
  The pale haze grew even thicker.
  Terrified, the mass of shadows cried out for mercy.
        "Now...let us play make-believe."
  Within the nebulous mist, a dark fairy tale came to life.
  Inside that fog,
  only the macabre melody of her voice felt real.
  Feast / Grind / Crunch.
  At last, the final puppet fell.
  On the walls / On the floor / On the ceiling / 
  the grotesque, mechanical sounds of their demise filled the air.
  Their twisted shrieks plastered the subway surfaces, like indelible bloodstains.
  Some amorphous abomination had―hastily, yet just slowly enough to savor the taste―chewed and devoured all thirty puppets.
  Only a lone, severed arm remained on the platform.
"You had that thing on you this whole time?"
  Aoko spoke sideways to Alice, making no attempt to hide her disgust.
  The brutal gluttony they'd just witnessed had a name.
  It was the beast of the fog, one of her Three Great Ploys Kickshaw,
  the Meinster's Rose Hound: Wandersnatch.
  Aoko's words stung, since Alice was the one harboring its true form.
  The Great Three Ploys wielded terrifyingly powerful curses.
  While Wandersnatch had its uses in combat, Aoko was not at all amused to learn that her companion had been carrying it around town all day.
  Without hyperbole, it was akin to going out for dinner with a bunker buster bomb in one's pocket.
"Just... tell me next time, okay?
  Other Ploys are fine, but not that one. Try to leave it at home, would you?"
"...
I apologize. It's just that I haven't let him feed lately, so..."
  Alice walked slowly toward the severed arm.
  Indeed, all she'd done was feed her Ploy.
  No one had died, and no blood had been shed, since the meal was made of plastic.
"Aoko, over here."
  Alice picked up the arm and beckoned Aoko over.
"Look at this. Until now, we were thinking our opponent was a puppet master. But... I think we were wrong.
  Can you see it? These puppets are too new.
  They must have been made no earlier than the seventeenth century. Even that seems hard to believe."
"What did you just say?"
  Although it sounded counterintuitive, automata typically performed better with age.
  Since the seventeenth century, the magical concept of using puppets and mannequins had declined. Consequently, it became much harder to produce combat-effective automata.
  If one wanted to build an automaton these days, it was far more cost-effective to train even a low-class familiar, and it would be better constructed, too.
  Therefore, it was common for modern puppet masters to collect parts made before the seventeenth century and use them in their creations.
  The high price of automata often came not from their antiquated combat abilities, but from the rarity of the parts used to make them.
  Despite that,
 the enemy mage controlling these puppets used them as fodder, as if they grew on trees.
  The only conclusion to be drawn was that their current opponent was a spoiled upstart with wealth, but no territory.
  Or so Alice and Aoko imagined, anyway.
"There's something else.
  The internal formulae remind me of Misaki's Bounded Field.
  It's as if their maker is asserting that these are the rightful defenders of our city."
  Alice presented the evidence to Aoko, who was still waving fog out of her face.
  The revelations stirred profound surprise, and then rapid realization.
"I see...
now I get it,"
  Aoko growled, violently smashing the arm on the ground.
  Her face twisted with anger and a hint of fear.
"She didn't bother holding back any of her knickknacks because they weren't worth keeping in reserve, to begin with.
  ...Tch. That's why the town's barrier didn't have any effect on her, and how she knew my weaknesses. No wonder she found and removed the sigils so easily.
  I should've known."
  Alice quietly listened to Aoko's furious rambling, bemused.
"Aoko. So you're saying the one who made these is none other than..."
"That's right. When it came to making things, she always had me beat."
  Aoko glared at the severed arm.
  She was furious at its creator, and herself for taking so long to figure it out.
"But it all adds up, now.
  As much as I hate to admit it, our current enemy is my big sister, no doubt about it.
  She's the one who was meant to inherit our land, Alice."
  The desolate subway platform returned to silence,
  Aoko's words lingering uncomfortably in the air.
  A short time ago, at the Kuonji Estate...
  The videotape finished playing.
  The VCR had automatically stopped playback, forgoing the need to hit the stop button to avoid the static storm.
  What remained on-screen was the reflection of Soujyuro and Touko Aozaki, sitting opposite each other in conversation.
"A direct attack without warning because her secret was exposed... Aoko never did play well with others."
  It was hard to tell if she was being patronizing or indifferent.
  Touko Aozaki took a sip from her cup as she listened to Soujyuro's story.
  She would have savored the anecdote about the amusement park kerfuffle, were it not for the poor excuse for a cup of tea in her hands.
"Thank you for that. I feel so informed.
  I haven't seen Aoko in ages, so I can only imagine the kind of woman she's grown into."
"And, as her sister, the least I can do is apologize.
  I'm sorry you had to experience such a tragic event, Soujyuro.
That girl does have a tendency to be rather... headstrong."
"You said it."
  Soujyuro was enjoying the conversation, despite having to relive those events.
  About an hour passed by while the two of them sat in conversation, neither short on topics to discuss.
  Aoko was an easy topic for both of them, so the conversation centered mostly around her.
"By the way, I've been curious about something.
  And I hope you don't mind me asking..."
  While she kept her posture dignified, Touko's eyes shone with eager curiosity.
  Her elegance caused Soujyuro's heart to beat a little faster.
"Curious? About what?"
  Despite his caution, he found himself speaking politely.
  She smiled affectionately, as if she found him pleasing.
"Well, you see, you surprised me the last time when you ran away, but today I'm surprised by something new.
  Is that some kind of in-vogue fashion accessory?"
"Come again?"
  Touko tilted her head, her eyes fixated on the collar that Aoko had snugly secured around his neck.
"Is that a new style of choker? You know, I could swear it was a..."
  The bespectacled woman made a show of holding her tongue.
  On a completely unrelated note, in another decade, similar accessories would become a standard part of any visual kei artist's wardrobe.
"Oh, not at all. It's obviously a collar. For dogs."
"I knew it! It's rather charming, and very much suits you, I might add. Did you put it on yourself?"
  Touko stared intently, examining the strap.
  While he had never been very conscious of the collar till now, for some reason, Soujyuro found himself blushing.
"Yes. I put it on... by myself."
"No, silly. I mean, who gave it to you? Was it Aoko? Or perhaps Miss Kuonji?"
"Aoko gave it to me."
  Touko nodded in satisfaction at Soujyuro's candid response.
"...That makes you Aoko's property."
  She coldly muttered. With this, the cordial atmosphere began to turn.
  Soujyuro nodded, naturally oblivious to the edge in her words.
"She does like to own things."
  The blunt observation made Touko burst out laughing.
  Apparently, Touko was the quirky type of person to laugh when least appropriate.
  As her laugh tapered off into a giggle, she picked up her now empty teacup.
"So, this must belong to Aoko as well? How funny, considering she hates blue things on account of the 'blue' character in her name."
"Yeah, that's right. ...Would you like another cup?
  I'm not sure when they'll be back."
"No, thank you. Actually, they'll be returning shortly, as I calculated."
  Soujyuro nodded along heedlessly.
  Finally, the strangeness of her phrasing dawned on him, and he tilted his head in confusion.
"Miss Touko?"
  Touko sighed once.
"Forgive me, Soujyuro, but would you allow me to take off my glasses?"
  He wondered why she would need to ask his permission, but nodded anyway.
"That's very kind of you.
  Though, I do wish I could have enjoyed more of your hospitality."
  Touko touched the temples of her glasses.
  If one were to look closely enough, one might have noticed the scars on her slender fingers.
  They were small, fine scars, from years of repeated cuts.
  Before her fingers even left the eyeglass frames, the spectacles crumbled.
  It happened so fast that Soujyuro barely registered it.
  The frame cracked into pieces, sliding down her face and into her lap.
"...Kudos to you, sister. Thirty in one go. Not bad."
  The low voice belonged to someone entirely different.
  All she had done was take off her glasses, but her elegant grace had completely faded.
  Any semblance of warmth and kindness had disappeared.
  Sitting upon on the sofa was a deplorable mage, her very presence darkening the room.
"..."
  Soujyuro sat speechless.
  Across from him was a completely changed Touko, glaring back at him menacingly.
  More malice and magical energy was now emanating from Touko than when Aoko had tried to kill Soujyuro.
  She seemed titillated at the prospect of the boy's shock at her transformation.
  Such expectations, however, were often left unfulfilled when it came to Soujyuro.
"You broke your glasses."
  Soujyuro blurted out in surprise.
"..."
  Her hand stopped as she reached for a cigarette, the wind taken out of her sails.
"That was unfortunate. Do you have another pair?"
"No, forget them. It's not as if I actually need them to see correctly.
  As long as my self exists, data is received subjectively by my five senses. The entire world is in a fog. You shouldn't trust what you can only see with your eyes."
  Her speech had taken on a clinical tone.
  This, too, did not seem to shake Soujyuro.
"Right... So what you're saying is..."
  Soujyuro began forming another question, unflinchingly.
  Touko scowled, as if she'd found a bug in her food.
  After some consideration, she came to the conclusion she needed to be blunt with the boy.
  By some twist of fate, it was a headache she now unknowingly shared with her sister.
"It's like this, Soujyuro. I placed some obstacles in Aoko's way. I'm only here now because she's still dealing with them.
  As I mentioned, you are are merely her property.
So, I won't worry that pretty little head of yours.
I must confess, dear Soujyuro―I am your enemy."
  Though he understood her words, the clock's second hand would rotate fully twice over before anyone next spoke.
  They sat across from each other, eyes locked.
  Soujyuro's shoulders tightened nervously.
  He had finally understood the true danger of the situation.
"Surprised?"
  Touko asked with a grin.
  She was still the same woman, but without her glasses, Touko's smile was rather sinister.
"Even though... you're Aozaki's sister?"
  Her smile pierced him as he asked the obvious.
  Touko was no longer surprised that Soujyuro would be more concerned about the safety of others than his own.
  In just one short hour, she had come to understand Soujyuro Sizuki better than he knew himself.
"On the contrary. It's *because* I'm her sister. I'm obligated to take away what is hers.
I won't stop until I crush every last thing she holds physically and emotionally dear.
  For instance, if she has come to rely on this city, then I will happily go so far as to destroy it.
  But you... I wasn't expecting you."
  Touko, her eyes closed, felt sorrow.
  Behind her troubled expression, there was a silent conflict.
"I don't know if I should rage at the impartiality of the world, or lament the serendipity of life. I suppose it's all part of the Counter Force.
  Innocent outsiders get killed all the time in this world of ours, but I've never met anyone quite like you.
  Or rather, never imagined a guy like you could exist."
  Touko sighed at the ceiling, and stirred in her seat.
  She seemed to have overcome an unexpected moment of uncertainty.
"You don't look like Aoko's ace in the hole.
  You're just a dim-but-nice stranger, too pitiful to put out of his misery.
  But as much as I want to leave you be, my sixth sense is screaming that I should erase you now and be done with it."
  More plainly put, she had made up her mind to kill him.
  Though Soujyuro was somewhat flattered at how grossly she inflated his importance, he was struck more by the karmic irony―Touko had arrived at the same conclusion as her sister.
"..."
  However, this was no time for idle thoughts.
  Soujyuro readied himself to stand up from the sofa in such a way as to not draw attention to the plan so clearly written all over his face―to make a run for it.
"Silly boy. Don't give yourself away like that. If you're going to run, then run. But if you value your life, then don't move a muscle.
  In other words, you won't make it halfway to the door before I get you. Now, be a good boy and sit still."
"So you're... not going to kill me?"
"For the time being. I like you, kid.
  Well, not exactly. The truth is, I might be the only one who can save you."
"...What?"
  She looked the perplexed Soujyuro straight in the eyes.
  Though actually brown, her eyes gleamed a piercing red, like the edge of blade.
  It was at this moment an overwhelming sense of dizziness overcame Soujyuro.
  His mind went numb, like he couldn't tell who he was.
  It was like drifting into a sinister sleep from which he'd never wake.
"..."
  Soujyuro clenched his jaw, desperate to maintain consciousness.
  Touko's eyes devoured him like a bottomless pit of quicksand.
  In that moment, it all became clear to him.
  It no longer mattered that she was Aoko's sister,
  or that she was Alice's sworn enemy.
  Touko Aozaki's deadly battle with the girls, had become his battle.
  Which is why...
  When you find yourself feeling a special spark for a stranger met mere moments ago, that feeling is not to be trusted.
  You may simply be attempting to fill a void shaped like yourself, with more emptiness.
  Soujyuro tried to drag his body away from this heretofore unencountered sense of danger, but found that it would not respond.
  Touko tilted her head forward at him, eyes fixated on his.
"Your instincts weren't wrong; you do have something in common with me. Or maybe you're just close to me. Maybe we're picky about all the same foods. It's something to consider.
  The problem is, you're more... biased than I am."
  Biased.
  She clearly used a different definition of the word than the one Soujyuro knew.
  "Biased."
 It meant that he was alone―
that he was an outsider who didn't belong in this town.
  A sudden and seething anger eclipsed his gentle heart.
"But... I'm not alone."
  Soujyuro shot back with all the enmity he could muster,
  as he faced this witch named Touko Aozaki.
  If he had not, he feared he would never escape her gaze.
"See. That's precisely what makes you biased. And the sooner you realize that, the better. It's the fastest way out of your predicament.
Humans are hardy creatures. No matter what life throws at them, they find a way to survive.
  But... Aoko can't tolerate them, because she's the sort of stranger who can't stand anything."
  Touko leaned over the table.
  She reached out, grabbed Soujyuro's collar, and roughly pulled him toward her.
"But enough about her. All I care about is getting to have you. In fact, I wanted you from the moment you mumbled your name like it's not even yours."
"I want you with your lack of self-awareness, and your sense of powerlessness.
  The future must seem like such a foreign concept to someone like you. Your mind inevitably looks to the past.
  But just as moi―the lesser self―comes before soi― the greater self―the normal flow of time will always reject time travel.
  It's the same for me as it is for you.
  Argh, I've done it again, haven't I? How could you possibly even begin to..."
  Touko trailed off mid-sentence.
  As she pulled Soujyuro closer, her own eyes reflected in his, she noticed the merciful expression on her face.
  Soujyuro got to thinking.
  He held no hostility toward this woman.
  He bore her no grudge, harbored no desire to kill her.
  He was aware only of his anger and aimless compassion.
  He wished that he could give her the answers she wanted.
  But...
"I don't really know what you're talking about."
  Soujyuro replied apologetically.
  A verbal reply to the visible question he perceived in her eyes.
  Touko showed no sign of disappointment.
  Instead, the corners of her lips turned upward in delight.
"Of course, you wouldn't comprehend the language of magecraft.
  And here I am trying to wax philosophical to you. How foolish of me. Small courtesies can have the opposite effect, after all. I should have put it in plainer, more primitive terms.
  Oh, I *do* like you, Soujyuro."
  Her fingers dug into his throat as if she were tearing at the leather.
  Perhaps he could be hers if only she could rip it off.
"Sweet boy. Leave Aoko and be with me.
  I may not have a use for you, but at least I can protect you. Or maybe if I'm bored, you could be my plaything."
  It had taken many approaches, but she seemed to have decided on this one.
  The lengths to which she went to seduce him were not lost on Soujyuro, and truth be told, they were not wholly unwelcome.
  But back to the matter at hand...
"I respectfully decline."
  Soujyuro chose the direct response, as he did.
"...Why?"
"Because it wouldn't be good for you."
  He had confidence in that, at least.
  Touko's overestimation of him aside, Soujyuro knew for a fact that he had to escape this woman's clutches.
  This tête-à-tête could only be concluded by one of its two participants: Touko, or the individual she was currently infatuated with.
"..."
  On a hunch, the boy mustered all the conviction he could feign.
  She gently removed her hand from his collar and jabbed him in the chest, causing him to topple back onto the sofa.
"Very well. If that's the way it must be.
  I'll just have to think of you as Aoko's personal property then."
  The Scarred Red mage quietly stood up.
"Well, Aoko will be here any moment. I'd best be on my way.
She has no chance of defeating me. Tell her that for me, won't you?"
"Sure, but..."
  Before she left the room, Touko paused to let Soujyuro continue.
  Like a student humbly inquiring of a teacher, Soujyuro pointed to the object in Touko's hand and asked,
"...Um. What are you going to do with that cup?"
  Surprised, she looked down at the teacup in her right hand that she had forgotten she was holding.
  She hadn't even realized that she had been holding the cup the entire time.
"Oh, this? I might as well take it with me."
  The act of taking something without the owner's permission is commonly referred to as "theft."
  However, this was more likely the typical relationship between Aoko and Touko. Share and share alike, and so forth.
  Soujyuro nodded to show that he understood.
  Unsure if his nod was sincere or not, Touko smiled that gleeful grin for the second time since taking her glasses off.
"You certainly are an odd one, the question of your worth aside."
  For just a moment, she had returned to the affable Touko Aozaki he met before the glasses came off.
  Leaving him with the image of her smile, she departed the mansion.
  Her broken glasses remained on the drawing-room table.
"We're hooome!"
  No sooner had the eerie visitor left, did Aoko and Alice return home.
  Despite Aoko's sour mood, she seemed as merry as ever.
  Despite everything that had happened and their trip having its fair share of problems, she still had fun.
  Whereas Alice was her usual stoic self,
  her manner not unlike a parent following behind a rampaging toddler, cleaning up their mess.
  The scene of their return was like something out of a TV sitcom, and lost in thought, Soujyuro forgot to greet them.
"Did anything happen while we were out, Soujyuro?"
  Aoko asked, more so out of etiquette than curiosity, while removing her coat.
  Without answering, he stood up from the sofa.
"Yeah, it took up half of my day, actually.
  Other than that, it was just cold. Want me to make some tea?"
"Yes, please.
  You can't plan anything without a hot cup of tea in your hands."
  Soujyuro was on his way to the kitchen to prepare tea even before Aoko had finished her upbeat response.
"...Wait a minute. Something feels off."
  He was following his same tea-brewing routine as always, but somehow something did not feel the same.
  As though in a trance, Soujyuro returned to the drawing room where they were settling down, and placed the tea on the table.
"What do you intend to do now, Aoko?"
"We'll have to search for her on foot. We can't play this one defensively. If we spend time fortifying defenses here, she'll just have more time to create more puppets."
  They conversed with each other while ignoring Soujyuro's presence.
  Upon hearing what they said, he stood up and spoke abruptly.
"Are you going to look for Miss Touko?"
"Yeah, who else would we―
  Wait. What did you just say?"
"Touko. She's your enemy, right? You just missed her."
  He answered so casually, Aoko standing there dumbfounded.
  Alice stood up from the sofa and went to where the two of them were standing.
  Her typically kind and somber features turned reproachable.
"Sizuki. Tell me exactly what she did when she was here."
"We drank some tea, then she took off her glasses...
 Huh... I can't remember anything after that."
  What was once a clear memory seemed to have been scrubbed clean from his mind.
  Soujyuro was overcome by the same dizziness he had felt earlier.
  A sharp dry smack echoed through the room.
  What snapped him out of his haze was an unexpected slap from Alice.
"I won't warn you again.
  *Never* let anyone else into my house."
  Deep within her eyes, beyond the normal cool indifference, was an intense fury.
  Realizing, however, that it was no ordinary anger, Soujyuro understood how careless he had been.
"...I'm sorry. This place is very important to you. I should have known better."
  A heavy silence followed.
  Both Soujyuro and Alice stood there, chained to the spot by their own regret.
  Aoko looked on in amazement, wondering if they would stay this way all night if left alone.
"So, hey. I know Soujyuro screwed up by letting my sister in, but Alice, you never told him he shouldn't.
  We're not children anymore, so how about we put this behind us, and focus on the problem at hand, okay?"
"..."
  Alice hung her head and sat back down at Aoko's insistence.
  Soujyuro stood where he was, nursing his stinging right cheek.
  Pain was pain, but he knew how to take a knock.
  More to the point, the crisp strike from Alice snapped him out of his fog, jogging his memory.
"I remember... She told me to tell you that you have no chance of defeating her, Aoko."
"Hmmm... Pretty full of herself. Anything else?"
"She also said... Well, most of it was small talk... To be honest, she said a lot of other stuff I didn't really understand."
  Considering the small talk was mostly about Aoko and her flaws, Soujyuro decided it would be better to take that part to his grave.
"She mentioned the greater and lesser self? I wonder if she's been to India.
  In case you didn't catch on, Soujyuro, she must have done something to you."
  Aoko turned to him, glaring sharply.
  He had nothing to be ashamed of, but he looked away guiltily anyway.
"She did? What did she do...exactly?"
"You said you couldn't remember what she said, right? And up until a second ago you looked like a zombie.
I see. You remember right up to when she took her glasses off, which means you must have been entranced by her Mystic Eyes."
  As quickly as she had jumped to that conclusion, Aoko went quiet again, as if the information was of little importance.
  But it was not enough to detract Soujyuro from bringing it up again.
"Aozaki, what are 'Mystic Eyes'?"
"Eyes infused with magical energy. Simple forms of Mystic Eyes can cause temporary confusion, while more advanced ones can kill with just a glance. Stuff like that.
  Eh, eyes like Balor's are really just the stuff of legends. If there were eyes like that, we could really use them right about now."
"...?"
  Without further context, Aoko knew her explanation was completely lost on Soujyuro.
"So... yeah.
To put it simply, it's like my magic bullet, only you use your eyes to shoot it."
"You can shoot... bullets from your eyes?"
  Soujyuro's confusion deepened along with Aoko's frustration.
"Anyway! You looked into Touko's eyes after she blinked once, right? That's the moment she put the whammy on you with her Mystic Eyes!
  Some mages even replace their eyes with cat's-eye stones, but my sister doesn't need to bother with that.
  She was born with hers. She doesn't even need to say anything to use them; she can just blink, like a camera shutter."
  Soujyuro pounded his fist in understanding.
  Now he thought about it, he vaguely remembered her doing something exactly like that.
  Everything after was foggy and muddled, and her Mystic Eyes seemed the only logical cause.
"...That's one mystery solved.
  But Aozaki, isn't she your sister? Why would sisters try to kill each other?"
  He knew it was not something he should ask, but he did it anyway.
  The question was against the rules.
  He had no business being involved in this dispute.
  Aoko closed her eyes to collect her thoughts.
  She decided it was best for all involved to at least share some background information, if only to head off further questions.
"Fine, here's what you need to know now that you've met her. Besides, keeping you in the dark would be more dangerous.
  But no more questions. This is my story to tell, got it?"
  She stared down Soujyuro until he nodded slowly in recognition.
  Knowing him, she knew this was confirmation enough.
  The conversation was becoming oddly friendly again, but Aoko sat up a little straighter as she prepared to tell the tale.
"Before we talk about my sister, I have to explain the Aozaki family, and more importantly, magecraft versus Magic.
  We're going to cover a lot of ground and it'll include stuff you can't tell anyone, but we can always wipe your memories later, so it's fine."
  Aoko made sure to add that disclaimer as a condition for telling him the information in the first place.
"You see, Soujyuro, magecraft follows a set of common rules.
There are different schools of magecraft, such as runes or Kabbalah. Think of them as different textbooks or manuals that the whole world uses.
  Anyone that has a proper textbook, and a suitable bloodline, can become a mage.
  But using Magic is something else entirely.
  Magic, *True Magic*, isn't just some manuscript derived from the Swirl of the Root like magecraft is, but something that comes directly from the Root itself."
"As for the Swirl of the Root, well...
 The simplest way I can describe it so you'll understand is to compare it to the sun.
  The Sun is really far away, and has been there from the beginning as far as we're concerned. Without it, you and I wouldn't be able to live."
"Magecraft merely lets us take advantage of the Sun's benefits, so to speak.
  Magecraft is all about imitating or paying for natural phenomena. We can use it to study, practice, and recreate Mystics―mysteries―but we can never truly create them.
  Actually, no matter how much you learn, you eventually hit a wall. It's like a limiter that human knowledge can never overcome."
"And beyond that wall is where Magic, the Sun itself, exists.
  To attain it means to go where no one can go,
  and awaken miracles no one could possibly reproduce.
  A technique to make things happen that humanity could never hope to accomplish with any amount of time or resources... that's *True* Magic."
"It's about overcoming that dimensional wall―like, running until you reach the end where you'll find a world with completely different rules from ours. That's the only way you can, well, learn it."
"I told you before that magecraft has no limits, right? Well, I meant that it has no limits within the scope of human knowledge.
  Meanwhile, Magic has lots of limits; actually, it can only do one thing, and one thing alone. Makes sense, right? I mean, we're talking about unique, rule-breaking concepts and mechanisms that exist outside the boundaries of the very universe."
"So... Magic is more amazing than magecraft. I think I get the general idea, but...
It's really limited?"
"Kinda. It's more like an exception, a special privilege, or an abuse of power.
  It's not versatile, but in making the impossible possible, it's all-powerful as far as magecraft is concerned."
"Magic is like a reward a mage gets when reaching the Swirl of the Root, and that even goes for mages who don't possess the mettle to wield it. Just making a path to the Root gives them free reign to use it, in magecraft terms.
  In short, it's like becoming the richest person in the world."
  Soujyuro made an appreciative sound, impressed.
  On the other hand, Alice looked as though she wished to make many revisions to Aoko's account.
"The richest person in the world... In which case, does it mean that no matter how rich you are, only the richest person gets to have Magic?"
"...I guess so, sure.
  ...Sometimes you sure get to the right conclusion from the weirdest of places. It's like you said―there are many routes and theories to reach the Root, but unless you're first to the post, Magic will elude you.
  No matter how good you are, if you're not the first, you're everyone else."
"There are only five... no, four Magicians.
  And there are only four because once that path to the Root has been taken by one Magician, it's closed off to all others.
  But it wasn't always like that, in ancient times.
  Ironically, mankind is responsible for closing off the paths to the Root; we've built walls that stand between us and the 'truth.'"
"The mages of old could never have imagined that the more we explored the unknown, the more paths we would seal off.
  But the result was exactly that, and by the time they realized it, it was too late. After all that studying, True Magic had all but disappeared from the world."
"...Huh. So it's kind of like how the city has dwarfed the countryside, then?"
"In a microscopic sense, that example works.
  So... up until recently, modern mages have been vying for that final seat in a game of magical musical chairs, but some country bumpkin snagged it a while ago, so their little race is over.
  After that, all further research into the Root was limited to mundane and meaningless magecraft."
"Though, only a small fraction of mages were chasing Magic anyway, while the rest had already thrown in the towel.
  Magic gained from reaching the Swirl of the Root isn't necessarily a mage's only goal.
  But that's a whole other convoluted mess in itself. The chicken or the egg dilemma, if you will."
"...Okay. Well, I at least understand that I understand absolutely nothing. Do you mind if we get to the point?
  Oh, right. How can there be multiple wielders of True Magic if only the first one there can learn it?"
"Well, there were five at one time. There were five final tasks left to humanity, so the first―"
"Aoko."
"...Right, to the point.
  Now that I've explained the relationship between magecraft and Magic, I can finally talk about my family."
"Remember when I mentioned that the Aozaki family has been mages for generations?
  Our history isn't ancient, but we've been blessed with good luck and talent,
  because somehow or another, an Aozaki finally attained True Magic."
"Hold on just a second. Aozaki, so you mean―"
"I'm an apprentice mage, nothing more.
  I can't wield Magic, nor do I want to. I'm just the successor to the Aozaki family."
  Aoko asserted obtusely, her voice devoid of emotion.
  She became a mage not to wield Magic,
  but simply because the succession of her family's magecraft was forced on her.
"Anyway...
  in order to reach the Swirl of the Root, generations upon generations of mages have to dedicate their lives to research. Since every special snowflake is trying a unique approach and doesn't want to share, it obviously takes forever.
  At any rate, you can't create Magic unless you have the innate ability to, or through some sort of divine intervention."
"Just making it to the Root isn't enough. If you lack a worthy heir to pass it on to, the miracle stops there. So much for your lineage.
  That's why mages cultivate their bloodlines, to pass magical energy from one generation to the next, and to create an heir more powerful than oneself."
  Aoko wrapped up the explanation by remarking that it was like producing a thoroughbred.
  Not that Soujyuro knew what a thoroughbred was to begin with, leaving him as perplexed at the end of the story as he was at the beginning.
"So mages pass along their uniquely created Mystics to later generations, protecting their legacy in the process.
  And at the very end, they say that there should be an answer sufficient enough to satisfy all our questions."
"But, you see, mages―no, Magicians too―all understand one very important thing:
  their own generation, and every single one thereafter, will all die before they ever reach their ultimate goal.
  My grandfather always used to say that it was the destiny of those who obsess over Mystics to end up learning only magecraft.
  Funny how my sister didn't turn out like that..."
  She left "I can see why" hanging in the air.
  Alice had no response.
  The Aozaki family, passing down True Magic...
  Aoko, the reluctant successor.
  And Touko Aozaki, her elder sister.
"Actually, my sister was the Aozaki heir.
  They told me about the family legacy, but I never had to learn any of it.
  For mage lineages, unless they're super rich, they usually only raise one heir. I guess that wasn't the case for an average income household like ours..."
"Successors are supposed to be chosen based on their affinity for magecraft... and in that sense, my sister was definitely a prodigy.
  But, her talent just wasn't fit for an heir, for whatever reason."
"Instead, I turned out to be more suited to succeed it.
  And... while I don't really agree with him, my grandfather seemed dead set on switching it over to me during the winter when I was fifteen.
  To my sister, I suddenly stole her entire birthright, while not only being four years younger, but also lacking any magical knowledge."
"I see. So that's why."
  Touko had said that she was "obligated" to take what was Aoko's.
  He recalled how resentful her voice had been when she said it.
"I'm not her, so I don't know how she feels about the whole thing.
  It's been three and a half years since she fought with grandfather, smashed her glasses, and left our home.
  No one has heard from her since then, and I became her replacement. I guess this is why we're squabbling."
  Soujyuro thought the story was tragic, but Aoko's voice had a tone of relief in it.
  Soujyuro did not know exactly who he should feel bad for anymore.
"She...broke her glasses?"
"Correct. Her eyesight has always been perfect. The bitch was even born with Mystic Eyes.
  But in trying to live up to our grandfather's expectations, she probably overdid it and her eyes suffered as a result."
  Aoko wrestled with the memory, not sure if she had everything down exactly right.
  Soujyuro knew how well Aoko could hide her emotions, and this was not one of those moments.
"You know, now that I think of it, was Touko trying to give him a message?
  Why did she throw her glasses at my grandfather, when she could have smoked him with a single Finn Shot?
  She was in her prime back then, so she could have wiped a senile old man out in an instant if she had wanted to."
  Soujyuro shook his head, disappointed at Aoko's misjudgment of the situation.
"This isn't about any grudge.
  Those glasses... They were important to her. It was a symbol of all of her efforts that everyone could see.
  To break them like that... it must have been painful. Painful enough for her to feel like she had to break them."
  As Soujyuro spoke, neither Aoko nor Alice noticed the grief he was fighting to hold in.
  Or more accurately, they could not understand his point of view.
  After all, in a world where mages are raised to fight other mages, empathy was in short supply.
"I wonder why she chose to come back now. Like Aoko said, Touko could have taken Misaki City any time she wanted to."
"That's right. If she wanted this land so badly, she should have come back three years ago, killed me, and reclaimed her rights.
  ...Maybe she had a change of heart after seeing the world, I dunno."
"You really don't get it, do you, Aozaki?"
  Soujyuro shook with a faint anger.
  His voice changed from the boy they thought they knew.
"Oh, and you do?"
"Yes, like anyone would.
  Touko was waiting for you to become a fully-fledged mage so that you would lose the same thing that was stolen from her. That's how deep her hurt and hatred goes."
  Soujyuro gazed at them, wondering why they could not see what he could.
  Only, he was the one that did not understand.
  The two girls, and above all Touko Aozaki, deny themselves the type of relationships that other normal people are allowed to experience.
  Touko's actions were not fueled by hatred.
  While there certainly was hatred behind them, the real reason was and always has been Touko's pursuit of True Magic.
  She was an ambitious and talented mage; her hatred was only her veneer.
  Thinking of her in any other way would be an insult to the elder sister who devoted her life to the study of magecraft.
  All of this Aoko wanted to tell Soujyuro, but instead stopped herself.
  Even if she had, Soujyuro was not a mage and could never understand, and besides, arguing with him any further would not have brought her any joy.
  She could not have put it into words even if she had tried.
  And so...
"Hmmm... You sure are taking her side a lot, Soujyuro.
  Could it be... love at first sight?"
  In her own cowardly way, Aoko dodged the subject.
  She smirked childishly.
"I get how she feels, a little. I pity her."
  Soujyuro did not take the bait.
  Aoko was frustrated at his reply.
"And why, might I ask?"
  An icy glare replaced her smile.
  He did not falter,
  only plainly stating,
"Because she has to fight her only sister.
  That's sad, isn't it?"
  This was the source of his frustration.
"...It's sad, all right."
  Aoko's eyes narrowed unconsciously,
  as if hiding from a painful truth.
  "This guy is a poison," she thought to herself.
  A poison with no antidote; with his words, he was unwittingly bringing her weakness to light.
"My sister and I... We don't think of it in that way, though.
  To us, this was always the way it would turn out."
  Soujyuro looked down and frowned in defeat.
"And that's sad too," he muttered.
  The curtain of night had already fallen.
  Not even an hour had passed since Touko left the estate, and Soujyuro was feeling the distance between him and the girls.
  Aoko and Alice felt much the same way about Touko Aozaki, who seemed more elusive than a phantom.
"Anyway! Soujyuro, you at least understand that she's our enemy, right? If so, stop arguing with me, and let sleeping bears lie!
  Although, after meeting you, she must have realized that you have nothing to do with us, so I doubt we need to worry about her going after you."
  Aoko seemed absolutely certain in her assessment, as if to proclaim that Soujyuro had dodged a bullet.
  Strangely, she was placing her trust in her enemy's sense of reason.
"...Really? ...Are you sure about that?
I hope you're right..."
"Really. So relax; she never paid any attention to things that were of no use to her anyway."
"Okay. If you say so, Aozaki, then that's good enough for me.
  Oh, right. Speaking of things she has no use for, Touko took your teacup. The nice Sèvres one."
"She did WHAT!?
  And you just stood by and let her!?"
"I did. ...So she really was stealing it after all, huh."
  Soujyuro nodded sagely, while Aoko fumed.
  She wondered where his serious manner and tone had gone.
  Soujyuro's frustrating absentmindedness had returned.
"It had to be the Sèvres cup too... my favorite one."
  Aoko's fist trembled violently, but as much as she wanted to, she knew better than to plant it into Soujyuro's carefree face.
  Not that he was even capable, but even if Soujyuro did try to stop Touko, it would have gone tragically for him.
"...Nothing to do now, I guess. She always did have a habit of stealing my things.
Always wanting what others have... I guess old habits die hard."
"Isn't everybody like that, as children?"
  He wondered aloud, curiously.
"Maybe. So many of my crayons and dolls, she took as she pleased... And broke them, too."
  Soujyuro felt his heart jump into his mouth.
  The ominous foreshadowing was not lost on him.
"Why... do you think that was?"
"Because she made a hobby out of taking my property and smashing it to pieces, obviously! Once she had her eye on something, I had to kiss it goodbye."
"..."
  Listening to Aoko, Soujyuro recalled his conversation with Touko.
  He hoped he was imagining it, but he vaguely recalled her declaring Soujyuro Sizuki as someone's property...
"That... is troubling."
  Soujyuro's face turned grim, not unlike a detective at the scene of a crime―
  a scene which left no traces of evidence or clues as to how the case could be solved.
"Right? She was a terrible sister. The worst."
  Unaware of Soujyuro's turmoil, Aoko calmly sipped her tea.
  Soujyuro watched as Aoko shrugged her shoulders before looking over to the drawing room clock. No matter how heavy the mood, time kept on ticking.
"...Gloomy days ahead, I guess,"
  muttered the undeniable victim of today's injustices.
  Aoko looked ready to move on from the incident, adding,
"Probably. But right now, I'm just looking forward to tonight's dinner."
  Alice seemed to second that opinion with her silence.
  Comfortable and relaxed, neither of them seemed to have any intention of leaving the sofa to prepare food.
"..."
  Tonight was supposed to be his night off from work...
  ...at least, until midnight.
  But Soujyuro knew that until the clock struck midnight, he would be serving on hand and foot the two ladies of the house.
  For one, it would take at least another hour to prepare something to eat.
  And there was no way the exhausted Aoko and Alice would stand for that, so the only other option, in the end, was to have something delivered.
(Maybe I should have taken Touko up on her offer after all.)
  Soujyuro opened his wallet as he second-guessed his situation.
  His eyes settled on the third and final ten-thousand yen bill in his wallet. It stared back at him forlornly, reluctant to leave its home.
  With a heavy heart, he bid it farewell.
  This everyday tale started like any other.
  The morning sun alerted Soujyuro that a day of work lay ahead.
  Specifically, the gardens needed tending to,
  and an unkempt garden made for an unhappy Soujyuro.
  Luckily, today was his day off from all his part-time jobs.
  It was the perfect opportunity to get his hands dirty.
  There was one problem, however: the mansion's grounds were vast.
  Not only had the courtyard been left to run wild, but the area around the front door had been neglected, too.
  To tend to these problems thoroughly, he would have to work on them week in, week out.
"All right. First, let's level things out."
  In an ideal world, his task would only take a day, but for its enormity.
  For the moment, Soujyuro decided to set foot into the mansion's wilderness and evict the weeds.
  Wasting none of the early light, he started tackling the ones around the mansion.
  By his estimation, he could clear the forecourt, courtyard, and backyard, then take a small rest.
"What's gotten into him?"
"Beats me. I doubt he's out there for fun."
  It was just before noon in the sunroom.
  Alice had come down, book in hand, to find Aoko sitting down with a fashion magazine and elegantly sipping tea.
  Through the window she could see the crouched figure of Soujyuro shuffling by.
"He's been at it all morning.
  Hunched over since I saw him first thing from my bedroom window. I told him to clean the incinerator, too. Any objections?"
"Not really. He always works so hard. Even in the cold."
  Alice quietly sat down.
  Her teacup had been placed on the table for her.
  She poured herself some tea and proceeded to open her book.
"..."
"..."
  The two sat passing the time in silence.
  Having happened to have the same idea: a nice, relaxing cup of tea in the sunroom.
  With their evening roles decided, there was no need for idle chatter.
  Aoko stared out the window, intermittently turning her gaze to her magazine.
  Alice was immersed in a book on rune magecraft, occasionally tilting her head up as if to recall something.
  As if by unspoken agreement, in unison they pressed their teacups to their lips and glanced outside.
  To the two girls, Soujyuro appeared as if he were an animal in a zoo. Neither was interested in lending a hand.
  Despite his sluggish movement, he was making good progress.
  As Aoko's attention turned back to the sunroom, her eyes met Alice's.
  Alice returned her gaze to her book.
  Though moments later, she raised her head again.
"
Ahem..."
  Clearing her throat, she attempted to focus on reading.
  It was no surprise that Alice admired Soujyuro's diligence.
  Not even thirty minutes had passed before he had cleared the courtyard of its unsightly weeds.
  Without stopping once, the mysterious gardener left the courtyard, puffing clouds of white breath.
  The area he left behind was spotless.
"Has he done this before?"
  Alice muttered after scanning over his work.
  A stalwart, Soujyuro worked confidently and ceaselessly.
  She was impressed, like she was watching a scene from a great movie, but before long she grew irked. Why would he waste his energy like that, she thought.
  Alice looked at the clock.
"If he starts now, it'll be evening before he's done with the incinerator."
"Actually, he already took care of it. I watched him do it from upstairs.
  I didn't want him breaking it, so I gave him some pointers.
  Y'know, I yelled at him for so long from my window my room almost froze over."
  It was safe to assume Aoko had come to the sunroom to escape her cold room.
  Between barking orders from a window and cleaning in the cold, it was clear who had the harder job.
"Did Sizuki have anything to say?"
"Yeah, a lot, but I couldn't really hear him."
  In other words, his complaints fell on deaf ears.
  With nothing else to discuss, the two resumed their reading.
  The ever-so tense silence was broken by Soujyuro, entering the house after finishing his cleaning.
"..."
  He stared at the two of them, displeased.
"Warm enough in here, Aozaki?"
"Warmer than outside. Unless you're walking the halls.
  What made you decide to take care of the gardens, anyway?"
  Soujyuro's subtle jibe had failed to find its target.
  He had no chance of winning, and so just hung his shoulders in defeat.
"It's so cold out today. Snow's probably going to fall tomorrow, so I thought I should tidy up while I could.
  I didn't think I'd have to work on the incinerator, too..."
  He sounded resentful, but his problem was not with the additional work. If anything, he was glad to do it.
  What he did not care for was how nobody had even bothered to lend a hand.
"So what? We all need to use it.
  Hey, seeing as you're in a generous mood, vacuum the upstairs corridor, will you?
  Oh, and that brace for the beech tree out back is on its last legs. Put that toolbox in your room in the attic to good use."
"And once you're done with that, come to my room.
  I have a bunch of things I'd like you to throw in the incinerator."
"..."
  Hence why she made him clean the incinerator.
  Cruel, but clever.
"And what're you going to do while I'm doing all that?" 
"Hmm. No plans, really. Maybe I'll play a little guitar."
  Aoko thought hard about how to spend her afternoon.
  Yet the thought of cleaning did not cross her mind, as had always been the case.
  No, it was not out of spite that she did not think to help clean, it was because the word "cleaning" was not in her vocabulary.
  Soujyuro knew exactly why the mansion
  was in the state it was in.
  Still, that did not change the fact the corridor upstairs was very long.
  And Aoko was not lying about how cold it was-inside was not much different than outside.
"You really have no intention of helping me, do you? 
  I mean, I do enjoy cleaning, but...I don't know...
  Don't you even feel a little bit guilty using a roommate like this? Or do you just not feel guilt at all?"
  As usual, he might have gone too far.
  His remarks had hit too close to home. Aoko closed her magazine and turned to face him.
  Infuriated, she glared, her sharp, blue eyes piercing into him.
  Soujyuro knew he had not said anything unjust, but he always backed down first.
"Soujyuro.
 Let me explain it. One. More. Time."
"Okay..."
  He replied automatically, straightening his back in response to Aoko's cold, calm tone.
"Don't be mistaken. We're not letting you stay here out of kindness.
  We're putting up with you, because we have to."
  Aoko did not mince her words.
  Soujyuro nodded in defeat.
"So, I'm basically a pet."
"Exactly. And not a very useful one at that."
  Aoko responded, already tired of the conversation.
  While Soujyuro had little room to counter, he still tried.
"Last time I checked, most pets don't have to buy food or pay rent."
"Did you say something?"
"Nothing. I'm just a dumb mutt barking up the wrong tree."
  He raised his hand dismissively, knowing he could not win.
  To Aoko's ears, his attempt at self-deprecation sounded facetious.
"You do understand the position you're in, right?"
"Yeah. One where I do all the work."
  Aoko grinned at her pet's obedience.
  As long as he knew his place, that was all that mattered to her.
  She seemed to be extremely satisfied with his response.
"Heh. You don't have a care in the world, do you?"
  Her playful smile darkened, as did Soujyuro's expression.
"Aozaki, I...I can't breathe."
"You know, if I keep this up you'll never be able to complain again. Shall we give it a try?"
  He shook his head, his expression growing more and more grim.
"Smart choice. I don't want to see you suffocate. If I can help it."
  The grating sound subsided.
  Soujyuro gingerly touched his throat.
  The collar that had suddenly tightened around his neck returned to its normal size.
"Do you have any idea how painful it is to suffocate? It's excruciating."
"I told you that's what your collar was for.
  You're always so naive, so I took the opportunity to give it a test run... Now you know your place.
  Anyway. Chores. You're wasting daylight."
"Okay...
  So that's what the sun was trying to tell me this morning..."
  Soujyuro left the sunroom, his shoulders slumped and his tail between his legs.
  Aoko watched him leave before turning to her magazine as if nothing had happened.
  Alice paid no attention. None of that had anything to do with her.
  With Soujyuro gone, the room once again fell silent.
  As the clock ticked on, Alice suddenly stopped flipping through her book.
"Any reason why you push him so hard?"
  She asked as though talking to herself.
  Aoko replied without so much as looking up.
"Nope. We're just going to erase his memories in the end anyway. Why get his hopes up?"
  Obscure as ever, but sincere in her own way.
"When you put it like that...I suppose you are right."
  Alice could not believe she had forgotten about the situation.
  Silently, she looked up from her book and gazed outside once again.
  The courtyard through the window reminded her of where she lived a decade ago.
  Nothing could compare to the beauty of those gardens.
  But if that was the case, why did the scenery make her feel nostalgic?
  All Soujyuro had done was take care of the gardens with the goodness of his own heart.
  In only half a day, he had achieved so much.
  It was Christmas Eve, and snow had started to fall.
  Its timing was too good, as though it had waited for that day specifically.
  The cold, bustling main street seemed bright and vibrant under the layer of frosty white.
  Reindeer statues illuminated the surroundings...
  Children danced merrily to "Jingle Bells"...
  People walked along the brick road, smiling broadly...
  These festivities, however,
  had not reached the mansion on the hill.
  Silence enveloped the isolated building.
  The shadow of the snow-covered woodland grew longer,
  beckoning in the darkness.
  People returned to the warmth of their homes, knowing a bitter night lay ahead.
  Something had been amiss in the mansion all day.
  Perhaps it was the calm before the storm.
  Two days had passed since Touko Aozaki had revealed herself.
  Aoko and Alice spent more and more time locked in their rooms; mealtimes had grown noticeably quieter.
  With their roles decided, they were too busy with their own jobs to worry about each other.
  On this day, the two had been relaxing in the drawing room since morning.
  The mood was calm.
  Well, mostly at least―Soujyuro was fretting that tonight would be the same.
"The snow just couldn't wait till tomorrow, could it?"
  He aimed his words towards the girls on the sofa,
  despite knowing they would be ignored.
  Whether the snow fell today, tomorrow, or not at all, it did not affect them.
  The snow just meant a white Christmas.
  Aoko remained silent.
  She wasn't ignoring him per se; she just had other things on her mind.
  Soujyuro knew this, but still cast a lonely glance around the sunroom.
  The courtyard he had cleaned only a few days ago was hidden by a layer of white.
  The falling snow would stop every so often, but then resume again as if teasing Soujyuro.
  By the next morning, the courtyard would be a winter wonderland.
  Aoko and Alice sipped tea in an effort to fight the cold.
  In fact, that was all they were doing.
"You know, Touko's hair was darker than yours, Aozaki.
  I've never seen such beautiful red hair. Shame it was so short."
  Soujyuro rambled on, not expecting a response.
  However...
"Her hair was cut short...?"
  Aoko's expression went from nonchalant to its usual sharpness.
"What do you mean short? You are talking about her hair, right?"
"Yeah. Even shorter than Alice's. Is that a big deal?"
"No. She just used to have longer hair than mine.
  Hm... So she really cut it all off."
  Aoko spoke in a grave tone.
  Showing slight interest, Alice turned to Soujyuro.
"What's so bad about her getting a haircut? Does it affect you in any way, Aozaki?"
"Well, yeah, it does.
  As we have nothing to do until nightfall, I suppose I'll explain.
  You're lucky. If you hadn't said anything, we'd have been oblivious when fighting her."
  Aoko knowingly glanced at Alice, her expression suggesting she was treating her.
  She was also likely seeking approval.
  Alice remained stoic as ever, her expression showing neither approval nor disapproval.
"How can I put this... Mages can use their hair as a weapon.
  For the longest time, hair and eyes have been vital to magecraft. Especially in my sister's case.
  The more colorful the eyes, the better. The longer the hair, the higher the quality.
  Hair has the same qualities as the body, and when grown over many years it becomes a strong base component.
  That's why I'm growing mine out. Looking after it is a pain sometimes, but I like styling it."
  Soujyuro glanced furtively at Alice, wondering if the same held true for her.
  Maybe Alice had cut it because it was a hassle to maintain.
  It sounded stupid, but then again this was Alice. Soujyuro nodded to himself.
"So that's good for you then, right, Aozaki?
  I mean that Touko's got short hair."
"If she's used all her hair before coming here, then yes.
  Long hair can be used in tons of ways.
  I can only use it to temporarily reinforce magecraft, but my sister can use it to complement longer-lasting spells.
  With all those thoughts and memories in that hair, it's like having a mage clone.
  You can even use it on a dead dog or cat, reviving them and making them the mage's familiar."
"Familiars with no previous magical energy, like said dog or cat, can acquire Magic Circuits. All thanks to the hair.
  The reanimated creature becomes something entirely different. They can even speak and take human form.
  Their behavior changes, too, to something resembling a regular mage. Right, Alice?"
  Her last words came with a mocking smile.
  Alice silently ignored it.
"So, Touko has familiars like Alice?"
"I think that's a safe bet.
  She must have been growing her hair for over twenty years. She could have an army of powerful familiars."
"..."
  The fight at the amusement park...
  Just the thought of Alice Kuonji releasing Flat Snark sent a shiver down Soujyuro's spine.
  The Oil of the Moon had been a unique familiar, out of this world...
"Hey, don't worry about it. She couldn't create a familiar that could destroy Misaki or anything.
  Still, a familiar created with hair that long would be incredibly powerful."
"Mages that use their hair though, they need to reset one of the three pillars from the beginning.
  They have to grow their hair again. Making familiars is easy, but not leading them."
  As Aoko spoke, her mood visibly improved, as though she had made a breakthrough.
"...Dogs and cats..." 
  tilting his head to the side.
  He could not imagine a world where dogs and cats were so powerful.
"It's strange...
  Touko is a puppet master. I wonder why she would lower herself to make familiars?"
"She probably has nobody to help her. And she wouldn't ask for assistance with a personal matter concerning the family."
"Actually... maybe the puppet at the amusement park wasn't made from her hair."
"...Now that you mention it, you did say that it seemed highly customized.
  Its curse-based perpetual-motion, coiled arms, Finn Shot, the depths of its obsession... It's unlikely Touko created the puppet from scratch."
"Meaning...?" 
"Touko's not the type to put herself into her creations.
  She might consider doing it for a perfect replica, but the ones we destroyed weren't even faint copies of her.
Aoko, did that puppet have the same power as Touko?"
"No way. Not even close."
"Then it would not have been made using her hair.
  Meaning we have to keep our eyes open for a familiar fused with her magical energy."
"So in your expert opinion...
  ...you think that her familiar could be stronger than my sister herself?"
"If it's not, then what's the point of creating one?
  She needs help. It's two of us versus one of her."
"So she's going to attack with the familiar at the same time.
  That makes sense. It would at least be a fair fight.
  Well, *fairer.* When it comes to familiars, I think you have the upper hand."
  Alice had never been defeated by a familiar.
  She sighed at Aoko's overconfidence.
"Aoko, even if she utilizes her twenty-year stockpile, she can only use small animals as vessels.
  If Touko was to prepare a familiar as her trump card..."
"...Don't you say it.
  No sister of mine would stoop that low."
  Aoko and Alice stared at each other.
  The conversation had returned to the drawing room, but the subject matter was not for the faint of heart.
"I suppose. Still, nothing hunts down a human better than a human.
  Touko may not have raised the dead, but she probably has something just as powerful up her sleeve."
"Yeah, yeah, okay. I admit geniuses can get stuck in their own world sometimes. Whatever corpse she throws at me, I'll be ready."
  Aoko nodded reluctantly at Alice's directness.
  Needless to say, Soujyuro was completely lost.
"Um... I don't quite follow.
  Why're you both convinced the familiar is dead?"
"Because living partners aren't familiars; they're co-conspirators. Familiars can't live with a mage to sustain them.
  Still, they're the perfect foil: strong-willed, and smart enough to compensate for their mage's shortcomings. Everything you'd want from a great familiar.
  Let's be real. Who wouldn't want to bring that kind of partner back to life?"
  Completely obedient, and capable of compensating for their mage's weaknesses...
  Soujyuro felt that a familiar was little different than himself.
"Now then...
  My sister has always been a rune user, so we can somewhat predict her tactics.
  Her trump card, which we need to be worried about, is probably a familiar.
  And it's likely she used up all of her automata already..."
  Aoko spoke directly to Alice, looking for confirmation.
  Alice nodded in agreement.
"So we stick to the plan. Let's call it a night.
  I'm gonna make her pay for all the crap she's put us through for the last month!"
  Aoko clenched teeth and balled her fists.
  It all seemed like nothing more than sibling rivalry. In fact, that's probably all it was.
  Looking at Aoko, Soujyuro let out a sigh of relief.
  With what happened with Touko, and how they reacted to her visit, the atmosphere had been deathly tense.
  For now though, Aoko seemed much calmer.
  He took comfort in the thought that perhaps the sisters would just bury the hatchet.
  Even if Aoko and Touko were not sisters, he would not want to see what would happen if they fought.
  The hands of the clock turned gently.
  approaching Judgment night, a merciless silence would soon come to mock Soujyuro's complacency.
  As night appeared, two things vanished.
  The first was the whimsical snowfall.
  The second was the lights of the mansion on the top of the hill.
  Aoko and Alice were nowhere to be seen inside.
  Only Soujyuro remained.
  It was the night of Christmas Eve.
  Though Aoko and Alice had yet to find Touko, they knew everything would be concluded over the course of this day and the next.
  Christmas comes but once a year.
  It was a singular time for endings and new beginnings.
  In Japan, the modern holiday dated back only about a hundred years, and celebrated Christ's birth only in name-with all its latter-day trappings, it was neither a pure homage nor corruption of the festival that inspired it.
  Regardless, there was a significant increase in the land's mana during festivals.
  Such charged distortions were a boon to a mage's craft, be it creative or destructive.
  Touko Aozaki sought to destroy the local sigils, which gathered and properly cycled the magical energy of the land and its people.
  Soujyuro was able to gather that much from Aoko and Alice's conversation.
  Touko had already claimed three sigils.
  Only two remained.
  Any further loss would signal Aoko and Alice's defeat.
  In order to protect the remaining ones, they had to split up.
  Aoko lacked power, so she would need to borrow a Ploy from Alice and head to the Toukawa sigil, which boasted the greatest local energy supply.
  Alice would go fully equipped to the sigil in Yashirogi.
  Free from the constraints of civilized society,
  magecraft is most powerful at midnight.
  The young witch and the apprentice mage wished each other luck, before leaving the mansion.
  It was almost ten at night.
  After the girls set out, the first two hours passed quickly.
  When Aoko was ready to head off, Soujyuro walked with her to the foyer.
  Neither had spoken a word to each other.
  She had departed without showing any sign of fear.
  It was difficult to tell whether she did not want to get him involved, or whether she did not see him a worthy ally in combat.
  The thought stuck with him.
"..."
  He let out a long sigh.
  Not out of dejection or frustration.
  It was a mechanical, emotionless breath.
  He sat on the near-frozen floor, staring vacantly up at the skylight.
  Moonlight peaked through the clouds.
  He imagined the moonlight bouncing off the town's powdery blanket and illuminating the night.
  But he would not find himself downtown.
  Watching from the sidelines was his role to begin with.
  His roommates and he lived worlds apart.
  He could not keep up with them, and if he did not show the same kind of will, he would remain on the sidelines.
  However...
"I get it.
I'm not needed anymore."
  Soujyuro looked up at the moon.
  Somewhere deep inside, he felt a trickle of sadness.
  Veiled in white and cloaked in darkness, the park seemed like a forgotten memory.
  Not a soul was in sight.
  The night felt far more enigmatic than usual, yet the air was clean enough to drink.
  Though only a sliver of moonlight peered through the clouds, it lit up the entire world.
  In those moments, a young girl's footsteps echoed,
  trampling the still white silence under a midnight sun.
  The pale moon illuminated the inky blue sky.
  Only a few streetlights and an incongruous phone booth betrayed signs of civilization.
  A girl appeared, dressed in black.
  Against the snowy landscape, the figure of Alice Kuonji was unmistakable.
  Pure black, deeper than even the night,
  were her overcoat, gloves, and hat-even her hair and eyes.
  Nothing stirred, for a time...
  Not Alice, nor the white scenery.
  The world was a still painting of a snowy field.
  Only time moved, gradually darkening the lights in the park, and eventually the nearby homes as well.
  Yashirogi was a more modern and developed town than Misaki.
  Though the park was located in the center of town, it had become a blind spot.
  It had been overlooked by developers, and carried no commercial value.
  A few houses encircled the park. The street lights turned off at midnight.
  It was a white night. People-even machines-were fast asleep.
"It looks like I got here early."
  Alice whispered, watching the streetlights slowly fade.
  She thought she heard a dog howling in the distance.
  Perhaps it was howling at the moon.
  The howl reached deeper into the night than expected. A wolf, maybe?
  The phone rang.
  It was perhaps the first time it had hung since Soujyuro  moved into the mansion.
  Hesitantly, he picked up the receiver and brought it to his ear.
  He heard nothing.
  He felt he had to say something, but could not think what.
  Maybe something like, "Hello? Kuonji residence!"
  Or maybe, "You've reached the Aozaki residence"?
  While he was deep in thought, a voice as light as air came through the receiver.
"Sizuki...?"
  Soujyuro could barely hear the voice, but it was definitely Alice's.
"Yes. Is that you, Alice?"
"..."
  No response.
  The silence was as profound as the night,
  but for the sound of static from the receiver.
  After a long pause, Alice finally spoke.
"Is Aoko there...?"
"No, she hasn't come back yet."
"I see."
  With a click, the call ended.
  Soujyuro wondered if she had had something to say, but could not respond in time.
  Slowly they advanced,
  carving through the fresh snow.
  There were so many. Where had they all come from?
  Dozens of feral dogs snarled at Alice, their eyes trained on her.
  The snow clung to the beasts' mangy fur.
  Their clenched fangs and bloodshot eyes hid a barely-reined hunger that might burst forth like lightning at any moment.
  They yearned to taste her warm flesh, and satiate their empty bellies.
  To them, the girl in black stood like a lighthouse in a stormy sea.
  She watched them, disinterested.
  It appeared that the Yashirogi sigil was the key target tonight, not Toukawa where Aoko had gone.
  Alice had always been unflappable, and the child's play before her was hardly about to change that.
  Her main enemy was not the dogs surrounding her, but the lone mage behind them: Touko Aozaki.
"What hideous taste. Is this what you've fallen to, after these last several years?
  Not that I'm complaining. If this is who you really are, then Aozaki and I have nothing to worry about."
  Touko laughed at the acerbic taunt.
"My, my. Such immovable spirit.
  Rest assured, Alice. I'm not doing this for fun."
  Crunching through the fallen snow, Touko slowly came into view.
  She wore a moss-green coat that contrasted sharply with Alice's garb.
  A silk scarf warmed her neck.
  She stood tall, her hair short, striking a more valiant posture than any young man.
  After all...
  The two standing here needed to be less like the shining moon,
  and more like the darkness surrounding it.
  The barking abated.
  Like servants in a royal court, they averted their eyes from their ruler,
  lest their eyes and hearts be plucked out.
"It's been too long, Alice."
"It has. You look well, Touko."
  They stood about twelve feet apart.
  No love had been lost between them.
  Just two enemies―one who was to be victorious, and one who was to fall.
"So, how shall we do this, Alice?
  We have so much to catch up on. How have you been? There's so much I've been dying to tell you.
  You can spare five minutes to chat, can't you?"
"I'm afraid not. If I give you even the slightest quarter, you will steal it all."
  The following events unfolded quickly.
  Boldly and without a second's thought,
  Alice pulled out a cat's bell from the seam of her mantle and dropped it.
  Diddle Diddle.
  The beginning of Alice Kuonji's magecraft. The start to a night of fairy tales.
  Aoko favored a quick-draw approach, like something from a western.
  However, Alice preferred sleight of hand.
  She used her target's blind spots against them, ending the game before they knew it had begun.
  The bell fell, like a coin into a fountain.
  Then, as it was about to strike the ground, it shattered, disappearing without a trace.
"Runes..."
"Correct. I spent the day carving characters into the park.
  The brick path meant it was easy work, if a little time consuming.
  Look at the woods around here. Roughly a twelve hundred square foot blank canvas.
  Impressive, isn't it?
  Right now, you and I are right on top of three-hundred thousand characters' worth of runes."
"..."
  Swallowing hard, Alice took a step back.
  Touko had carved runes all over the ground.
  Even in the area Diddle reacted to alone, there was a depressing amount of them. Had she truly carved them into the whole park?
  Alice did not react with surprise; she simply narrowed her eyes.
  She could see how it would have taken the whole day.
  It was no wonder Diddle Diddle, Banquet of the Night, was destroyed by the skin of sun.
  Still, something bothered Alice.
"How in the world did you hide them all?"
  There were just so many.
  What kind of magecraft could do that?
"Oh, these are special.
These runes shift location-they're doing it even now. They look like simple scratches, but they return to their original form when they touch strong magical energy. You could call them 'memory runes.'
  No matter how deep the night, these little suns won't set. And the snow hid them beautifully."
  She spoke modestly, but Alice could not imagine the amount of persistence, technique, and skill it must have taken.
  And it only took a day. Even ten mages would have trouble producing so many sophisticated runes in that time.
  Moreover, these runes were made using unknown techniques the Association had not approved.
"It pains me to admit it, Touko...
  but that's a lot of power to use on one poor, little girl."
"Oh, please. I've never thought that about you.
  Though, there were times when I admired that body of yours. To have one like that..."
  It happened in the blink of an eye.
  Alice cut off Touko's snide remark with a deadly stare.
  The left eye of the darkly clad girl changed in color to an ominous ruby.
  The speed of the incantation was phenomenal.
  Alice's Mystic Eyes of Enthralling snared Touko.
  She had been the one to, quite literally, be taken captive by the girl's stare.
"..."
  Touko tried to raise her arm, but could not even move a finger.
  Alice's Mystic Eyes commanded absolute control, with no room for resistance.
  Only a person's internal organs were allowed the freedom to move.
  Since their organs still functioned, it was more precise to say that her eyes forbid the target from acting.
  Alice had played her hand with exquisite timing.
  It wasn't the speed of her eyes that had given her an edge.
  The deftness with which she wove her spells to exploit the briefest vulnerability is what made Alice a different caliber to other mages like Aoko.
  This witch, who lived hidden in the modern era, was more seasoned in magical battles than Touko Aozaki.
"Such a shame... Without Diddle Diddle, your eyes can't be made acrostic.
  You were close. With your moon Ploy Kickshaw, I might have been begging for mercy."
  The formation holding Touko began to distort.
  In the blink of an eye, the mage
  had bested Alice's Mystic Eyes.
"..."
  Alice's black outfit fluttered in the wind.
  She turned so she was not facing Touko head on-the mage had recovered through her own Mystic Eyes. 
  At the root of Touko's Mystic Eyes was a spell of Mesmerize.
  Most effective when facing their prey, such eyes could mind-jack a target's awareness. It was difficult to resist head-on.
  However, its effect was greatly diminished if the target was not facing the eyes directly, even if it was within range.
  Moreover, the girl was the last witch of her lineage, who commanded a great number of fairy tales.
  Against Mystic Eyes that projected their effects, simply turning one's body was enough to repel half of the magical energy!
  Like Alice's eyes, Touko's could also disable actions.
  Alice had escaped by the skin of her teeth.
  The damage she'd suffered was the weight of a twig to a forest.
  She just had to let the energy pass throu-
"Ngh...?!"
  In an instant, a startling chill ran through Alice's body.
  This was a problem.
  The touch of death ran up her spine.
  She glared at the mage before her, as blue rubber balls flowed out from beneath her overcoat.
  The stare-off grew more intense.
  Alice glared harder, resisting Touko's Mystic Eyes with her own.
  Losing was not an option.
  In terms of raw magical energy, Alice Kuonji's Mystic Eyes were more powerful and advanced than Touko's.
  Surely nobody could beat her.
  And yet...
  Her unfiltered stock of magical energy, stifled by old-fashioned values, was no match for Touko's madness.
  Deeper within her eyes...
  Somehow, the eyes revealed a sealed power.
  Inside the crystalline lens of the mage's left iris was a bottomless pit, a Klein cube.
"Hng...!"
  Alice winced in pain.
  The bindings grew in number.
  So many Mystic Eyes... Thousands perhaps, and all fixed on Alice.
"Ngh... Hnh...!"
  Pressure. So much pressure.
  Endless. And Alice knew it.
  She saw...
  Incredulously, she saw eyes growing within eyes...
  Touko had placed opposing mirrors inside her eyes, resulting in an infinite glare.
  It was the act of a madwoman. Creating Mystic Eyes within Mystic Eyes...
  She could even control the resulting chaos caused by all the copies.
Her insanity knew no bounds.
  No mage in their right mind would mass-produce so many Mystics-the last escape of humankind-so indiscriminately!
"Oh dear... am I making you uncomfortable? Tell me, am I doing a good job of imitating a Meinster?
  Aren't you impressed?
  Instead of bending reality using a rare Mystic like you would, I mass produce a Mystic to bend reality to my will.
  On the surface they're regular Mystic Eyes, only their volume is infinite.
No matter how much magical energy an opponent uses to resist them, they will simply multiply the energy needed to bind them."
  She wielded power without limit to disable an opponent.
  Once one was  caught in them, one was chained to the concept of infinity.
  Projection-type eyes had a fatal flaw: their firepower and formulae were insignificant compared to the great artillery of incanted spells. But Touko had torn down that conventional wisdom with brute strength.
  If the gun was a pea-shooter, she simply needed to bring more guns.
  A 9-millimeter bullet could never destroy a fortress... unless one threw a fortress' mass of bullets at it.
  The principle was brutishly simple, but in the world of magecraft where concepts decided supremacy, Touko's Iterative Mystic Eyes were the perfect weapon.
  The target would be bound until she closed her eyes.
  In theory at least, the effects were infinite.
  No amount of magical energy could ever overcome it, so it was utterly futile to resist using magical energy.
  Of course, one way to counter it would be to stay out of Touko's line of sight to begin with.
The standard tactic against Mystic Eyes was to defeat the user before they were aware of you.
  There was, however, another way.
  It was simpler than one might think.
"I'm afraid this is checkmate. Any last words?"
"..."
  Alice could no longer see her enemy.
  Touko's infinite eyes had bound her.
  All she could make out was a sliver of moonlight,
  and a blue streak, tracing its way towards her.
"Fine. I wish I could say I had no regrets like you."
  She drew a rune in the air, unleashing a shockwave to tear flesh asunder.
  The gusts became blades of air that shredded Alice's overcoat, and minced- 
"...!"
  Blue feathers flitted all around.
  Touko felt something behind her, and turned.
  Five cat-shaped bells were thrown at her feet.
  And just as quickly they shattered to pieces.
  Standing before her was a completely unharmed Alice Kuonji.
"...That rune was but a light breeze.
  Have you really lost your touch, Touko?"
"You used a double? I've never heard of a Ploy that can take the form of a mage."
"Well, you have now. He's useless every other day of the year, but comes in handy when someone's trying to kill you."
  As if responding to Alice's words, a bird began chirping frantically.
  An anonymous sacrifice.
"Who Killed Cock Robin?" echoed into the night, sung out of tune.
"Ah... that old rhyme.
  But you can only kill it once.
  Not that it would matter if it was more than that."
  The bird squawked a very un-birdlike death throe.
  From behind Alice, the blue robin fell from its tree, a victim of Touko's Mystic Eyes.
"...So useless."
"How about you and I start over?
  Or rather, let's end this now. You're out of options in this park."
"I don't think so.
  Granted, I may not be able to break free of your eyes.
  But..."
              "Build it up with wood and clay,
              wood and clay, wood and clay.
              Build it up with wood and clay,
              My fair lady."
  The song came from the depths of the earth,
  stirring a mighty quake to mark
  the birth of something gargantuan.
"...!"
  Touko needed to throw Alice into an infinite hell before whatever that was could be completed.
  But, she was far too late.
            "Wood and clay will wash away,
            falling down, falling down.
            Build it up with bricks and mortar,
            My fair lady."
  The ground burst to life.
  A finger. Then another. And another... All rising up like towers.
  Earth, snow, and brick knitted together, manifesting a giant stone golem!
"What the hell is this?!
  What's this freak doing here?!"
  Touko was so angry and confused she could barely gather her thoughts.
  The Bridge Giant.
  The monster from the Meinster's fairy tales rose from the ground, ruining Touko's plan.
  The giant was extremely powerful, but could only be summoned under one condition:
  It must be in proximity to a natural river.
  That was the monster's one and only condition.
  But this park was nowhere near one.
  And on top of that, it was rising up directly between Touko and Alice, mid-battle.
"Oh,
  there's a river all right.
  Well, I suppose 'river' is a bit of an exaggeration. And it'll be gone soon."
  Touko lowered her gaze.
  She was standing in a puddle of water.
"..."
  The Scarred Red mage was dumbfounded.
  That was why Alice had used Diddle Diddle before.
  While the bells could be replenished, they were valuable to Alice.
  And she had spent five,
  throwing them in an intentional line for the sun runes to destroy.
  From their 
"A stream of melting snow!"
  The arms of the Thames Troll rose up from the stone paving.
  The monster's torso alone surpassed eighty feet.
  Its form was made entirely of stone.
  Previously, she had created one using the trees of a forest.
  However, Touko knew instantly the monster before her was at least twice as powerful.
"""""HALT!!!"""""
  She unleashed her stacked Mystic Eyes.
  They were meaningless at this stage; they had no effect on the giant.
  As said, Mystic Eyes can be countered in two ways.
  The first is to hide oneself from view of the mage.
  That was the standard response. The other way, however, was devilishly simple yet one-hundred percent effective.
  In fact, it's less of a way and more of a fact.
  Mystic Eyes curse a target by focusing on them.
  However, what if the target was too large to focus on entirely?
  The answer was...
  One could barely stop a single arm.
  The giant, unfazed, raised its right arm and swung it down onto the ground, destroying thousands of runes.
  The demolished stones were then absorbed into its arm, adding to its mass.
  As the mage had said before.
"No matter how deep the night, these little suns won't set."
  While the suns might not set,
  ...they could be crushed under the bulk of a giant's hand.
  The victor of the battle was decided.
  Touko Aozaki closed her eyes, and prepared to escape.
  The stray dogs began to whine,
  fearful of the hulking figure before them.
"You win this one, Alice. Looks like I'm no match for a Meinster after all.
  Let's pick this up another time, shall we?"
"Do you really think you can escape, Touko?"
"Oh, please, Alice. Give me *some* credit.
  I should mention- I don't think I'm the one who needs to escape."
"...?"
  There was no hint of bravado in Touko's tone.
  Even in the face of a titan she had no means of harming, her confidence was unshakable.
  The reason being...
"The opening act's over. Come out, Beo."
  ...This was no longer a battle of skill.
  A fight for survival had begun.
  Snap went Touko's fingers.
  In response, a beautiful, high-pitched melody floated up toward the moon.
  It echoed all around them.
  The spiral howl dredged up ancient, primal memories.
  Its source emerged from the shadows and landed next to the mage.
"..."
  Alice's lip trembled faintly.
  Not from fear,
  but with admiration, once she recognized the creature before her.
  It was a majestic golden beast,
  beyond the domain of both magical and phantasmal-simply divine.
  It was a life that should have passed from the world with the Age of Gods...
  A Mystic derived from human wisdom, preserved by thousands of generations of hidden tradition.
  A recreation of a miracle that once freely walked the earth-
  The *natural enemy* of magecraft, able to crush it with ease.
"..."
  Quiet resignation settled over Alice's face.
  The golden beast charged.
  This time, she didn't even have a chance to admit defeat.
  She could hear the beast's breathing in her ear.
  It seemed she had been unconscious for a short time.
  Alice opened her eyes, and took a deep breath.
"..."
  Each cough sent pain shooting through her body.
  Blood rose from the pit of her stomach, and she spat it onto the cold ground.
  When her vision returned, she was able to make out the distant sky, falling snow, and the golden wolf.
  The wolf panted.
  It stared at Alice, saliva dripping from its mouth onto her cheek.
  Razor-sharp fangs lined its jaws.
  Its fur was glossier than that of any animal she had ever seen.
  Brutal, knife-like claws protruded from its massive blood-stained paws.
  And yet, it did not smell like a beast.
  Surely, the presence of such a noble creature, a human would feel like the lesser animal.
  The battle between Alice and the wolf was over before it had begun.
  After destroying the troll, it baptized Alice with its wicked claws, giving her no chance to escape.
  Its side-swipe had torn into her abdomen like a sword,
  carving through her clothes and flesh, all the way to her heart.
  Even so, not once did Alice make a sound.
  The wolf had her pinned, and stared at her face.
  Her limbs felt ready to break at any moment.
  That was the situation she found herself in.
  Now fully conscious, Alice stared at her enemy through pained eyes.
  She felt no fear,
  only cold reality sinking in.
  Sensing Alice's demeanor, the wolf suddenly paused, its paw still raised.
  They looked into each other's eyes.
"You're bleeding. Doesn't it hurt?"
  The wolf's voice came as a surprise.
  But there was no doubt it had spoken.
"Or are you just fine with pain?"
  The wolf's voice sounded innocent, almost childlike.
  In complete contrast to what had happened up to that point, the wolf smiled.
"Either way, you've got guts, lady!"
  The wolf opened its mouth wide and clamped its jaws around Alice's neck.
"Beo!"
  Touko's tone was sharper than the wolf's fangs.
  The wolf froze.
"Miss Touko..."
  He let go and slowly turned his head towards the voice.
"Didn't I tell you not to finish her off? Are you trying to make extra work for me, you mutt?"
"Tch... But that's the best part.
  Well this was a washout. And that troll went down like everything else. Talk about a disappointment."
  The wolf backed away from Alice,
  as if no longer interested in his prey.
  To the golden beast, she was little more than an old chew toy.
"...Ngh..."
"Conscious again, even with all that blood loss and broken bones? You're tough. Do I have the Meinster training to thank?"
  Barely clinging to life, Alice stared at Touko.
  But not a stare of hatred in defeat, but one of disbelief. Alice simply wondered why Touko had brought such a beast.
"Ah, pardon me. I should have introduced you.
  This is the last known werewolf on Earth.
A pureblood, born to an indigenous tribe in the northern European tundra.
  As you can see, he's a golden Mystic, and it doesn't do him justice to say he merely resembles his ancestors. He didn't have a name, so I called him Beowulf. Pretty apt, right?"
"Beo...wulf?"
  Alice's face was perplexed, even though she hadn't wavered when she was disemboweled.
  Beowulf.
  The name of the heroic giant slayer from Danish legend.
  It came from old English; a combination of 'honeybee' and 'wild beast'-a 'bear,' in other words.
"...Kind of an... Incongruous... name..."
"What do you mean? It's cute!"
  Perhaps because of the name, or because of the golden beast itself,
  Fighting the pain, Alice struggled to read Touko. In this respect, she was worse than Aoko.
"Incidentally, Beo called these other mutts in. Naturally, I didn't think they'd have any effect on a Meinster's daughter.
  For now, at least."
  Touko's mouth twisted into a grin.
  Not the warm one Soujyuro saw, but the merciless smile a victor displays to a loser.
  The disdain in Alice's eyes turned to anger.
  The golden Mystic.
  How could Touko have brought such a creature into the human world?
"Come now, it's just supply and demand.
  Depopulation is not just a human problem. Their old ways were unsustainable, and so I bought him for a high price.
  Well, more like I had to pay for the right to bring him out of his cave.
  As you might've guessed, I used my hair for the contract with Beo. I like to think of it as creating an alliance with a beast instead of creating a famili-
 Hmm?"
  While she was talking, Touko noticed something strange.
  An unusual sound.
  A preternatural sound that tore at the mind.
  A sound that should not have existed.
  And it was coming from the girl's open abdomen.
"Regenerating already? No...wait..."
"Hmmm? Hmm hmm hmm? What's that smell? Smells like something amazing is going to happen!"
  Curious, Beowulf moved closer,
  like a puppy examining a new toy.
"Don't look at it! Stay over there, Beo. Pull yourself together."
  Touko shooed the mutt away with her hand.
  Beowulf lowered his head meekly and withdrew.
"I must have trained you wrong, going for a girl's belly like that. Shame on you."
"So? But how come you're allowed to look?!"
"Idiot! I'm a girl, so it's fine!"
"..."
  If Aoko had been here, she would have blasted them away for their impudence, just as she did against Flat Snark.
"Y'know, I feel sorry for you.
  How could your Meinster mother call herself a parent when she's neglected you so much?"
  With her gloved hand, Touko ran her fingers along the wound on Alice's abdomen.
"Nng..."
  A flash of pain ran through Alice's body.
  Alice had held in her screams, but she finally let out a long breath.
  She turned her face away, in pain or shame.
"The skin here's regenerating already. So many crests on the bones, veins, even the internal organs.
  Having Magic Circuits like that from birth is a double-edged sword.
  They cut incantation time, which is a great boon for a mage.
  But the more there are, the more pain they bring. Aozakis have crests in one arm. We've got nothing on you, do we?"
  The Magic Crests Touko referred to were the inheritance of the Aozaki family, passed down by their ancestors.
  They can only be inherited.
  Aoko had received the ones that were meant for Touko.
"However, ours has its own set of drawbacks.
  The pain Aoko feels in her right arm is the remainder of her human body reacting to being changed into a Mystic.
  Her mundane body rejects her right arm, and that pain is the cost of its deletion.
  It causes both physical and mental phantom pain, like some original sin that can never be wiped away."
"Still, when you've come this far, pain becomes trivial.
  It makes it difficult to know if you're really alive.
  Do you still believe you're human?
  Honestly, I sympathize.
We've both had a hard time with such extraordinary teachers, haven't we, Alice?"
  Touko took Alice's body in her arms.
  The wounds from Beowulf had mostly healed.
  Even so, her breathing was shallow, likely due to the pain.
  Touko gently held the girl's face in her hand.
"I'm indebted to your Meinster mother. And my true opponent has only ever been Aoko."
  Alice's lungs pined for oxygen; Touko pressed her lips to hers.
  The young girl wriggled, trying to escape, but Touko held her firmly.
  Beneath the blue moon, the two remained frozen.
  Then, the sound of swallowing.
  Something solid slid down Alice's throat. With that, she went limp and her arm fell.
  After setting Alice down on her side, Touko stood up.
"I've given you a dose of my own blend of rowan, not easily counteracted. If you use magical energy, it'll explode, so do be careful.
  Oh, and... don't read too much into it. Passing things with y mouth is just something I like to do."
"..."
  As she desperately clung to consciousness, Alice looked up at Touko from the ground.
The disgrace from the kiss was greater than the pain she felt in her body.
  Touko began walking away, her golden wolf in tow. Neither looked back to see Alice's hateful glare.
"Ah! I almost forgot.
  Remember those mutts Beo called? There's a ton of them around the park, and unfortunately they're still hungry.
  Beo's an alpha male. Seeing what Beo did to you must've really fired them up."
  In a roundabout way, Touko had read Alice her last rites.
  In nature, it was common for the weak that could no longer move to offer their bodies up to feed the strong.
"Well, Alice, I think that's everything. It's a long walk back, but hopefully you make it safely."
  With a twisted grin, the mage headed into the darkness.
  As her footsteps faded, the sound of growls grew louder.
"..."
  Alice could still barely focus her eyes.
  The hounds looked like monsters out of a picture book.
  Alice took a deep breath, her consciousness slipping away.
  The sky was blue... The trees were tall... The park was a graveyard...
  In the corner of her eye, though, Alice could just about make out a solitary phone booth.
  The phone rang.
  It was the second time Soujyuro had heard its voice echo through the cold foyer.
  Only a few minutes had passed since Alice called.
  He wondered what she could want this time.
  The call persisted, determined not to leave him to his thoughts.
"Hello, Kuonji residence."
"Oh, is that Soujyuro I hear?"
  A cheery voice? Soujyuro had been expecting Alice.
  It was Touko Aozaki. Somehow, Soujyuro was not surprised.
"Yes, it's me. How are you, Touko?"
  He checked the time; he thought it was about midnight by now.
  No matter what the situation, Soujyuro always kept his cool.
"Pff..."
  He could hear Touko trying to suppress a laugh.
  After taking a while to compose herself, she started talking again.
"My apologies. It seems you have a penchant for catching people off guard.
  Anyway, to answer your question. I've been very busy today, trying to finish off every...thing."
"Huh. That's a coincidence. Aozaki was just talking about you."
"I thought she might. At times like this, you can tell we're sisters. In fact, that's the only thing we ever had in common―timing.
  Oh, I bet you tried to get her to stop as well. As an Aozaki, I know she didn't take to that too kindly, I wouldn't."
  Soujyuro realized she was probably right.
  Aozaki's words made more sense now.
"Cutting to the chase, I don't have time to gossip.
  Is Aoko there?"
  It almost sounded like she was worried about her sister's whereabouts.
  But the cool-headed Soujyuro had not forgotten Touko was their enemy.
  Keeping Aoko and Alice in mind, he decided to be evasive.
"Who can say. I'm not sure what answer you expect, Miss Touko."
  The question shifted the tone of the conversation drastically.
  Soujyuro could hear Touko muttering to herself in annoyance.
  Soujyuro was proving more quick-witted than she had anticipated. A change of tack was required.
"I suppose not giving me an answer is probably the best course of action.
  On first impressions, I thought I'd be wise not to ignore you, but now I don't think I want to get you involved.
  So for your sake, stay out of this, okay, Soujyuro?"
  Her warning came from the heart.
  Soujyuro responded flatly, once again not giving any sign either way.
  It seems she wanted him to stay out of this, too.
  Even Soujyuro could tell the girls were being kind in their own way.
  But who asked for their kindness?
"I'll say goodbye then. I'm much busier than you think.
  Although, there is just one tiny thing. I know this is hardly fair, but I'd never forgive myself if I didn't tell you.
  So, I'll just have to put half of the responsibility on your shoulders."
  Touko giggled-
  a laugh to show she had him in the palm of her hand from the beginning.
"I met Miss Kuonji a short while ago.
  She called you earlier, didn't she?"
  Her tone had not changed.
  She sounded as cordial as before.
  Even so, as soon as Soujyuro heard Alice's name, a chill ran up his spine.
"Well, right now, she's in bad shape. She can barely walk, in fact. And if she uses any crests, they'll tear her to pieces. Oh, and those broken bones..  ouch.
  At any rate, she could lose consciousness any time. Not great news with all those scary stray dogs around her.
  If you ask me, she has about ten minutes before she's nothing but a pile of bones."
  She spoke as if she was telling a joke.
  If it was a joke, it was in bad taste.
  However, Soujyuro knew this was anything but.
  She was telling the truth.
  He had not heard of dogs attacking anyone in town...but the noise he heard while on the phone with Alice suddenly made sense.
  Dogs. A pack of them. No doubt about it, they were surrounding their prey.
"...!"
  Why had he not cottoned on sooner?
  Squeezing the receiver in his hand, Soujyuro cursed himself.
  Alice had been calling for help.
  Even when backed into a corner, she had not wanted to involve Soujyuro.
  Still...she needed help.
  The way she said his name so lightly...
"Where is she?"
  He spoke abruptly.
  Even though he knew Touko was the enemy, he was confident she would answer him.
  That was the reason she called.
"I can tell you, but just know that the moment I do, you become my enemy. Do we have a deal?"
  Soujyuro realized what was happening.
  He was being tested.
  By ignoring Alice, he would be confirming that he did not want to get involved.
  But if he decided to save her...
"Tell me, where is she?"
  Soujyuro ignored Touko's question.
  Of course he was not prepared to become her enemy, but he was even less prepared to let Alice die.
  He had lost his ability to think sensibly, not that he was particularly good about that to begin with.
  Still, he would not waste any time in deliberation. He would simply go with his instincts.
  It was one of the few times he had felt pride since coming down from the mountains.
"...Okay. I'm a little disappointed. I didn't want to have to kill you. Then again, I thought it might end up this way.
  She's at Yashirogi Nature Park. Check the map under the phone. I bookmarked the page last time I was there.
  I'll say it again: you'll be lucky if you have ten minutes. It'll be a miracle if she lasts a minute longer."
  As he listened, Soujyuro's expression turned to one of irritation.
  Misaki and Yashirogi were one station apart.
  How long would it take to get to the station from the mansion?
  Usually just under twelve minutes.
  By the time he got off the train at Yashirogi, nearly thirty minutes would have passed.
"It looks close on the map, but transport links around here are terrible. You might be able to catch the last train, but you should cut your losses. Either way, you're my enemy now.
  Just don't regret your choice."
  The line went dead.
  Soujyuro, not Touko, had hung up the phone.
  He memorized the map and then made for the door.
  With no time to grab his coat, he ran out into the snowy winter night with the clothes he had on.
  All that remained in the hall was the discarded map.
  It showed Misaki City.
  It was about ten miles from the mansion to the nature park;
  five if you went in a straight line, but the streets were not that forgiving.
  Four inches on the map, but so much farther in reality. For the first time, Soujyuro cursed the town.
  Alice's injuries were not limited to her abdomen.
  The wolf had punched a hole straight through to her back,
 crushing her lower vertebrae and leaving both of her legs paralyzed.
  Though her Magic Crests were repairing the damage, it would likely take another hour before recovery.
  At the very least, her heart and slender arms still worked.
  Although, after crawling along the ground to the phone booth, those too were failing her.
  As the crests healed her wounds, a searing heat ran through her body that threatened to overwhelm her.
  It was as if her body was no longer her own, like she was transforming into another creature.
  The poison throbbing through her open wounds hurt emotionally more than physically.
  She was used to pain, but she could not accept this disquieting feeling.
  Not that she had any intention to. The moment she did it would be her last.
"..."
  Alice wrestled with the discomfort from her abdomen and her Magic Crests,
  and with her consciousness holding on by a thread, she took the phone in her hand.
  It was unlikely Aoko would be there to pick up.
  Even so, with the stray dogs gathering around the booth, she had to try.
  It was Soujyuro who picked up.
  Alice knew she was better off just hanging up, but his name slipped out of her mouth.
  After pausing and fighting with herself for some time, an image of the innocent boy came to mind, and she hung up.
  Her instincts had won out. She could not let him get involved.
  And not just because he was an innocent bystander. It was more than that.
  To Alice, Soujyuro appeared that day because he was merely in the wrong place at the wrong time.
"..."
  Only the lightest of breaths passed her lips.
  Above her, the moon began to blur.
  Snow was falling again, so close yet so far.
  The dogs began hurling themselves at the phone booth to the chorus of hungry snarls. Thunk. Thunk.
  She took one last deep breath and closed her eyes.
  Glass. An unusual material for a coffin.
  But the girl knew, in some corner of her mind, that she had made the right choice not to ask the boy for help.
          Some time passed.
 A peculiar sight came into view.
  A field of wild flowers.
  The clear sky was too blue;
  the flowers, so numerous they made the field look barren.
  The sight was so dazzlingly beautiful, she wished she could look away.
  ...This was probably all thanks to Father Winter.
  The cold wind carried a scent of a paradise far removed, untainted by man or beast.
  It was a glimpse of the fields beyond winter. One could be forgiven for thinking they were the afterlife.
  Come to think of it, she remembered how funerals were sad, yet always beautiful.
  She cried.
  She made an incongruous whine, a sound of life.
  Her breathing was strained and erratic.
  Hollow and useless was the heart that she once used to fend off pain.
  It was as though she was in the space between disconnected body and mind.
  A crying woman and a silent child...
  High was the sky, deep was the forest, unmoving were the people.
  No footsteps or voices of salvation came.
  Who was that looking innocently up at the sky in the stillness?
"..."
  When she came to, Alice was going up a familiar hill.
  The cold, night air had all but frozen her hands or feet.
  She shook, as you would expect from someone whose abdomen had been torn apart.
"Sizuki...?"
  She could barely comprehend that she was being carried slowly up Shiroinuzuka.
  Soujyuro had Alice on his back, and was silently ascending the slope.
  His calm eyes seemed to be suffering from the bitter cold.
  He did not seem to be dressed for the time of year.
  Not even a coat. His exposed neck and hands were ice-cold.
"Wh-What...are you...doing here?"
  Alice asked, still slumped over his frame.
  She tried to move, but to no avail.
  The last thing she wanted was to rest her entire weight on someone else.
"Touko called me. She said you were in trouble.
  You're more stubborn than Aozaki, you know. Why didn't you ask me for help? Not that I could be much help, but still."
  Soujyuro spoke with a scolding tone, his eyes kept firmly ahead.
  His words were directed at himself rather than the girl on his back.
"This... doesn't concern you..."
"Maybe you're right. But now it does. We'll talk more back at the house."
  Soujyuro focused on climbing the hill.
  The slope would get steeper from here to the mansion.
  The thought of Soujyuro climbing this steep hill with her on his back surprised Alice.
"Let me down. I'm fine."
"Your whole stomach is exposed. My back will keep you warm.
  Don't worry. You're lighter than firewood, so this is a cinch. I'm only out of breath from rushing to the park.
Not that I needed to hurry in the end."
"Why not...?"
"As soon as I got there, the dogs ran for the hills. I'm sure Touko knew that would happen all along.
  She must not have meant to finish you off, which means I wasn't on a time limit. I suppose I should be thankful for small mercies."
  Soujyuro said dejectedly.
  But he was wrong.
  While Touko did not want to kill Alice per se, she would not have cared if she had died.
  At least that was the way Alice saw it.
  She did not know how long it took Soujyuro to get to the park, but if he had not come, the phone booth would have collapsed and she would be dead.
"..."
  Alice did her best to suppress her thoughts and feelings.
  She felt silly at the thought of correcting him, and it would matter little anyway.
  The thought of her trying to thank him was more painful than her open wounds.
"...So you carried me all the way from the park?"
"Had to. The trains stopped running. I should've gotten a taxi, but didn't bring my wallet.
  ...Honestly, I've never felt how limiting money was until today."
  For the first time today, Soujyuro let out a sigh.
  There was no point taking a break; he had already traveled close to six miles like this.
  Perhaps the fatigue was getting to him. Soujyuro was more upset with his own weakness than the difficulty of the trek.
"...Don't you mean how important money is?"
"What I mean is, if there's something you can use only if you have money, isn't that incredibly limiting?"
"..."
  The innocence of his question made Alice briefly forget her pain.
  She, too, felt distant from the real world,
  but compared to the boy carrying her, she felt like a regular citizen.
"That's just like you to say."
  Alice smiled to herself.
  As Alice rested her head, something soft touched her cheek.
  The collar Aoko had given him.
"Once we get back, you should change and clean up. When you're ready, we can talk in the drawing room.
  Touko sees me as her enemy now, too."
  With those words hanging in the air, they reached the top of the hill.
  The gate in the woods stood before them. Beyond it, illuminated by the pale moonlight, stood the mansion.
  Looking up at it, the girl felt a little disappointed.
  A natural reaction, yet...
  She could not place where her sadness was coming from.
  Once they entered the mansion, Alice slid off Soujyuro's back and walked toward the west wing.
  The west wing was her domain.
  However, after only a few steps, she collapsed to the floor.
"Alice!"
  Soujyuro rushed over to her, but she raised her hand.
  Her gesture told him he was not to come closer.
  He stopped in his tracks, a concerned look on his face.
  Her pale skin gleamed with sweat;
  her expression uncharacteristically strained.
"...I'm fine. I can make it to my room on my own. Stay here. I'm going to mend my clothes.
  I'll be back shortly, and then..."
  The pained look in Alice's eyes told Soujyuro they would talk later.
  He knew he could not stop her.
  Soujyuro reminded himself that she was the one in pain, not him.
"...All right then. Tell me everything when you come back."
  Alice took a deep breath, before slowly disappearing down the corridor.
  An uneventful five minutes passed.
  Alice returned wearing a fresh set of black clothes,
  but her complexion remained pallid.
  With a small sigh, she carefully leaned against a pillar in the foyer, and slid down it until she was sitting.
"Alice. If you're in pain, you should lie down."
  Soujyuro sat across from her on the cold floor.
"I'm not in pain anymore, so I don't need to lie down.
  I was forced to swallow a rowan, so my body can't heal completely."
"At least let me get a blanket for you."
"No. If I stay here, the cold won't bother me."
  She seemed to be telling the truth.
  Soujyuro remembered Aoko telling him that as long as Alice is inside the mansion, she would be comfortable.
"Okay. As long as you're warm.
  So, what's this 'rowan' thing?"
"It's a kind of medicinal herb. It gets its name from what's left in the cinders after it's burned seven times in a stove, and it's used as a ward against spirits.
  It's not good for regular people, but for me and Aoko it's worse. Once it's in our bodies, it reacts badly to the production of magical energy, and there's nothing we can do but wait it out."
"So... it's a poison?"
"No, like I said, it was originally used in medicine.
  I'm using magical energy to heal right now, so I'm having to fight it. But once I'm fully healed, I'll be fine, as long as I don't use magecraft.
  Basically, I won't be of any use until I fully digest it."
  Alice paused.
  She decided not to say how many days that would take.
"Anyway, it's nothing you need worry about.
  I can manage the pain. It's just a result of my circulation."
  She worked hard to keep her tone calm.
  Aoko had barely blinked when she was struck in the back, so mages must have an unusually high pain-threshold.
  Soujyuro was surprised and bewildered by what she said.
  If wounds didn't count as long as the pain wasn't too bad, then nothing would hurt except an injury that killed you.
"Fine. Let's talk tomorrow. For now, I want you to rest."
"I won't be any better then."
"It doesn't matter. You need to take better care of yourself."
  He stood up.
"I'll take you to your room. Or how about the drawing room? I've never been to the west wing, so I don't know where your room is."
"I'm fine here. I need to be here when Aoko comes back."
  Alice looked up at the skylight.
  The moonlight illuminated her pained face.
  The foyer looked like it belonged to a rundown castle. Only the moon and Alice seemed more vivid than reality.
  Where did her strength come from?
"..."
  Soujyuro stared at her.
  Without understanding the significance of Alice's gaze, he turned his gaze to the night sky, powerless as it was.
  For the third time that night, the silence was broken by the sound of the phone ringing.
  Before Soujyuro could move, a thin shadow bolted across the foyer.
  By the time he realized it was the weakened Alice, she had already taken the receiver in her hand.
"Aoko...?"
  It was the first time Soujyuro had heard Alice sound concerned.
  Her tone was infinitely graver than when she was enduring her own pain.
  Alice's question received only a short response from the voice on the other end.
  It was a voice more frail than Alice's, like a flickering flame about to turn to smoke.
"...Sorry. They got me."
  The phone was far from Soujyuro's ears, but the words he picked up were very unlike her.
  Despite saying so little-no, because she had said so little,
  the weight of Aoko's defeat struck Soujyuro hard.
  Alice silently set the receiver down.
  Only moments before, her body had been fighting the pain; now it felt stronger than ever.
  It was like a scarecrow transforming into a beautiful stone statue.
  Seeing this, Soujyuro finally understood.
  Alice's expression when she looked at the moon had come from her trying to accept an immutable reality.
  Aoko had not hung up, but the line remained silent.
  Alice set down the receiver, quickly put on her mantle, and made for the entrance, moving her injured body by sheer willpower alone.
  Along the way, she paused, turned to Soujyuro, and looked directly at him.
"Aoko's in trouble, isn't she?"
  Alice hesitated for a moment...
  ...before pushing aside her anxiety and grabbing his hand.
"Sizuki, come with me."
"Wait, where are we going?"
"To Aida Church. We need to ask Father Eiri for help."
"Aida Church... That's next to the hospital, isn't it?"
"Good. You know it. That'll save me time explaining."
  Alice left the mansion and made her way down the tree-lined path.
  She was clearly determined, but the look in her eyes betrayed her pain.
"A-Alice, wait! Shouldn't we call ahead?"
  Soujyuro asked Alice, whose grip on his hand was light but unyielding.
"The church already knows.
  And if you're talking about the hospital, no need. It's quicker for us to go and help than call for a car. They can't fly."
  Alice had thought of everything.
  She turned to the mansion and lightly snapped her fingers.
  In response, a window opened and countless starlings took flight.
"Group One, search for the enemy. Groups Two and Three, proceed to the scene and administer first aid. Haste is paramount.
If Aoko is still alive, do not let her heart stop."
  Alice commanded the birds firmly.
"Sizuki, fetch Aoko's bicycle from the rear courtyard."
  Soujyuro let slip his discomfort at the thought of that thing.
  The custom-made red bicycle...
  When he was cleaning the incinerator, Aoko had verbally assaulted him for nearly scratching it.
"Okay... But what's the plan?"
"You're much safer at the church than here. And I need to hurry.
 Can you can take us both, Sizuki?"
"...Hm."
  While Soujyuro had seen people riding tandem and was confident he could imitate them, he still wasn't quite certain he could trust a bicycle with his life.
  Moreover, its frame was so light, he was unsure it could support both their weights.
"Wait,  you mean you want to ride on the back!?"
"...
If it's too much, then I don't need your help."
  Alice turned away as if to snub him, then began walking.
  Unfortunately for Soujyuro, he was now on her bad side.
"Hey, don't get me wrong. It's just I never expected you to ask me to do something like that."
  Ignoring his pleas, she continued briskly toward the woods.
  There was no way she was going to ride the bike now.
  Sensing her stubborn streak, he desperately called out to her.
"I take it back, I'm sorry, I'll go get it right now, you can take your anger out on me later!"
  Alice stopped.
  As soon as he saw her stop, he hurried to the rear courtyard,
  grabbed the key from where it was hanging,
 and used it to unlock Aoko's bicycle.
  By the time Soujyuro brought it back to the front of the mansion, Alice was continuing toward the forest.
"...I think I finally have you figured out, Alice."
  Muttering to himself, he straddled the bike.
  He rested his foot on a pedal. It felt light, but sturdy.
  Confident the bike could support his weight and Alice's, he began pedaling.
"Alice!"
  She turned as he called out to her,
  before shooting him a piercing glare.
"Come on. Hop on the back. No cushion though, so it won't be a comfy ride. Let me know if it's too uncomfortable."
"...I'll be fine. Worry about yourself."
  He had hit the nail on the head. Alice definitely held a grudge over the smallest things.
"If that's the issue then there is no issue. I'm happy to give you a ride. We're going to Aida Church, right?"
  Unabashed and undaunted, he plowed on.
  His tone seemed to ease Alice's mood. She nodded calmly, and took a seat on the luggage rack above the rear tire.
"...I'm going to hold on to you, okay? You don't mind me touching you, do you?"
"Why wouldn't I? I'm tougher than I look."
"..."
  Alice silently wrapped her arms around Soujyuro.
  Once she had held on tightly enough,
 he gripped the handle bars.
"Good,"
  he said quietly.
"What's 'good'...?"
  Soujyuro turned to her, an ambiguous expression on his face, and then began pedaling vigorously.
  He let go of the brakes, and the bicycle hurtled down Shiroinuzuka's steep incline.
"...!"
  Surprised by the sudden speed, Alice gasped,
  and clutched Soujyuro tighter.
"Si―"
  She almost protested, but stopped when she saw the serious expression on Soujyuro's face.
  Instead, she decided to tighten her grip.
  Under the night sky, a young girl had put her faith in a young boy.
  Faster than a rollercoaster, the bicycle hurtled toward Misaki Station.
  Around the station, there was no sight of cars or people.
  While the town slept under its snowy blanket, two people were racing like the wind.
  While he pedaled, the boy said,
"Whew. Riding tandem is way easier than I thought."
  But he was alone in his relief.
  It was their first bicycle ride together, and they spent it speeding down an empty highway.
  The boy's words were lost to the howling wind, fortunately.
  In spite of the late hour, there were still lights on in the church.
  Originally, the only light at this time of night came from the entrance to the sleepless hospital, ever vigilant and ready to receive patients.
  However, this was a quiet town with little night life.
  The hospital saw perhaps one emergency patient per night, however,
  and it was not equipped to handle tonight's sole patient.
  It was a little before one o'clock in the morning.
  Leaving the bicycle outside, the two headed into the church.
  With its snow-covered roof, the church looked like it was wearing a white hat that lit up the darkness.
  In the entrance stood a tall shadow.
"Miss Kuonji."
  The man's voice was placid.
  Dressed in a long coat, he had been waiting for Alice.
"Father Eiri. Is Aoko-"
"Yuika is tending to her now. By the time I got to the scene, there were others already.
  I'd like to notify her family."
"...Aoko wouldn't want that. Besides, I believe they're trapped in the castle. Touko seems to have tied down their grandfather, too."
  The two exchanged pleasantries.
  Soujyuro did not move from the foot of the stairs.
"Oh? And who is this?"
  Though the father seemed calm, his words had an edge to them.
  As if to protect Soujyuro from his gaze, Alice stepped between them.
"...This is Aoko's familiar-though their contract hasn't been fulfilled yet."
"'Familiar?' Ali-"
  Soujyuro was about to complain, but Alice shot him a fiery glare
that all but said, "Just shut up and play along."
"I see. This is the first I've heard of it, but I'll let it slide.
  I mean, you are both in conflict with an outside mage, after all. That should take priority."
  Alice nodded in thanks.
"I'll be going in now. ...Let him enter, too."
"He is most welcome. I will begin preparations for mediation. If a change of administrators is imminent, I have to prepare documents for both parties.
  I'm leaving things to Ritsuka in my absence, so send any questions her way."
  As if passing the baton, Father Eiri exited the church.
"..."
  Soujyuro took two full steps back to give him a wide berth.
  The priest had a dignified air about him.
  To put it bluntly, he was strikingly beautiful.
  Straight nose, glistening lips...
  ...not a single imperfection on his mildly effeminate face.
  But that only went as far as his appearance. His manner lacked any hint of softness or grace.
  Just by looking at him, you could tell he was dependable, like tempered steel, despite being somewhat unapproachable.
  The priest disappeared silently into the night, the darkness of his coat overpowering the moonlight.
  In awe, Soujyuro watched him leave.
"He's like some kind of sage, from the folktales."
  In his own way, Soujyuro was expressing affection.
  For some reason, Father Eiri's distant tone made him feel nostalgic.
  Alice gave Soujyuro a deathly stare.
"Don't let your guard down. He's with the Church.
  His job is to monitor us, but this time we had to ask for his help.
  If it were allowed, I'd make him disappear off the face of the Earth."
  Her curse ringing in the air, Alice placed her hand on the doors to the chapel.
  They were twice her height and who knows how heavy.
  It did not look like she could open them any time soon.
  Soujyuro climbed the stairs three at a time, and helped Alice push the towering doors inward.
  The dim light of the chapel brought with it the familiar scent of burning oil.
  The ecclesiastical interior was breathtaking.
  The tall ceiling... The stained-glass windows on every wall...
  It all felt intended to illustrate the presence of the Holy Spirit within those chambers.
  Like the foyer in the Kuonji Estate, there was not a single heater; the bitter cold made the chapel feel more severe.
"Allie, over here."
  The gentle voice echoed through the chapel, incongruous to its surroundings.
  It was the voice of a woman.
"Ritsuka? Is that you?"
  Alice made her way past the rows of pews toward the front altar.
  Soujyuro closed the large doors and hurried after her.
"You got here fast. I was just thinking of coming to see you."
"...I had another pair of legs."
"Legs...? Oh, you mean him?"
"Ah!"
  Soujyuro showed himself, surprising the woman.
  They stared intently at each other, wondering what the other was doing here.
"...You two know each other?"
"Yes, although I didn't expect to see him here.
  Soujyuro, when you said you'd moved... you meant you were staying at Allie's?"
  Soujyuro nodded.
  Alice turned visibly sour at this unexpected development.
"...What're you talking about, Ritsuka? How do you know each other?"
"Well...
  He always gave me a discount at the fish market,
  helped me with my bags, drank tea with me...
  He's like every housewife's best friend."
"That doesn't make any sense. You're not married, Ritsuka."
  Needless to say, Soujyuro was also not "a housewife's best friend" and all that suggested, but there were more urgent matters at hand.
"Ouch. You had to go there, huh? I can't slip anything by you, can I, Allie."
"Well, what do you expect? I never know when you're being serious, so I have to question every weird thing you say."
"Just look at us! We must have been separated at birth.
  Okay, I'll tell you the truth. I know him from the neighborhood association. He's not a spy or anything-not that he could be. I mean, you know, just look at him."
"...
Is this true?"
  Alice stared straight at Soujyuro
 to let him know she was mad at him for hiding this from her.
"Yes? I know her from my part-time job at the fish market.
  She was nice to me, so I gave her a free sardine to persuade her to come back."
"..."
"Exactly. Everybody who shops downtown knows Soujyuro.
  If it bothers you so much, Allie, go see for yourself. He's the secret stud of the shopping district."
"She means I'm popular, not that my prices are easy to hammer down like some nail on the wall."
  His apparent popularity would have to be questioned another time.
  Collecting herself, Alice focused on the door in the recesses of the church.
"I don't know what's going on with you, Ritsuka, but he's with Aoko now.
  That explanation will have to wait."
"It all makes sense now. So much to say and so little time, but we can get to that later.
  Fine. For you, Allie, I'll make an exception, and offer him our protection!"
  Alice nodded, and began walking to the door.
"Alice..."
"Stay, Soujyuro."
  As Soujyuro was about to follow Alice, Ritsuka stepped in his way.
"You need to stay here. Leave this to the girls."
  she asserted bluntly.
  Meanwhile, Alice had reached the door and entered further into the chapel.
"But why?"
"It's for your own good. No normal person should see Aoko in the state she's in. It'll be too much for you.
  ...Unless, of course, you're so worried about her you don't care about that?"
  Soujyuro was not able to give an immediate answer;
  it had finally hit him just how bad a state Aoko must be in.
  Based on Alice's condition when he found her, he intuited that Aoko's injuries might be even worse.
  He tried to imagine her expression in that state, but could not.
"...I never worry about Aozaki."
  Literally, he had never been worried about her before, not truly.
"I can't stop you, can I?"
"No."
  He answered her reflexively.
  Ritsuka sighed at the boy's naivete,
 but nonetheless stepped aside.
"Go on, then.
  Through the door Alice used. Fourth room in.
  Things are critical right now, so stay out of Yui's way."
  Soujyuro thanked her and went after Alice.
  Leaving Ritsuka Suse, the self-proclaimed 'everybody's friendly neighbor,' alone.
"Yuika'll probably stop him, but someone's got to be in Soujyuro's corner. I have a soft spot for broken boys.
  I know I'm playing rough with him, but it's for his own good. I say let him learn to regret!"
  She spoke with force, but her words echoed aimlessly around the chapel.
  With a sigh, she shrugged her shoulders and made the sign of the cross in a rather unpious manner.
  The sound of Soujyuro's footsteps grew fainter.
  His lack of hesitation had left a pain in her heart.
  And not because he did not look back at her,
  but because he was choosing to ignore the primal fear inside him.
                                      An elderly man once said...
  "An animal's death and a human's are two different things.
  You may think they are the same, but they differ to their core.
  Our heads have known the difference since the dawn of man.
  An animal's corpse-be it a pig's or a deer's-is different.
  If the swing of an axe or a machete is violent,
  then so must a human corpse be.
  Therefore, before you see one with your own eyes, you should at least understand it with your ears.
  Listen closely, Soujyuro.
  When a person dies, blood flows like a crimson river... It's too much to bear."
  Perhaps because he was not used to the stone path beneath his feet,
  Soujyuro's mind wandered back to the words he'd heard as a child.
  The instant he opened the door, there was a palpable change in the air.
  The room was small, with only a simple bed and a small wooden dresser.
  And there on the bed, ____ was lying on her side.
      Tending to her was the woman he'd just seen in the chapel, Ritsuka.
  ...No, she only looked a lot like her.
  Her eyes were closed, and her garments covered in blood.
  He had met her maybe once before.
  Yuika Suse, a nun at the church.
  She was doing something to ____.
  Yuika held a pair of scissors and some thread.
  Her hands moved delicately yet quickly, as though playing an organ.
  Her movements were precise, as if flawlessly reading sheet music.
  One by one, the supply of bandages diminished.
  Bandages recently applied to the wounds were quickly replaced with fresh ones.
  Gauze was placed everywhere to try and cope with the amount of blood.
  Once white cloth was now dyed red and discarded.
  The dressings scattered around the floor resembled roses.
  In a wilted rose garden, the nun played her organ.
  The scene looked unlike any reality Soujyuro knew.
  It was clear why the air had changed.
  There was a savage odor in the room.
  Even though he was experiencing it for the first time, he knew what it was. The smell burned his lungs.
  He could not bring himself to look at the bed.
  Fighting his feelings, his eyes refused to move there.
  He noticed Alice next to the bed.
  Ever expressionless, she looked like a statue next to a grave,
  except she was trembling ever so slightly.
  It could have been from fear, anxiety, rage, or a combination of the three.
  Before her lay a life on the verge of death.
  But whose life? It was difficult to tell with only a glance.
  Some sort of puppet covered in bandages, perhaps.
  Her hair should be beautiful, but it fell flat, disheveled; despite her short breaths, her chest convulsed. Up. Down. Up. Down.
  Facetious though the thought was, Soujyuro recalled the rodeo machine on the roof of the department store.
  Ah.
  The painkillers and anesthesia could not have been working.
  New bandages were soaked crimson in seconds.
  Her fingernails bit into the sheets.
  Her face twisted in agony.
  Anesthesia would not be enough, so if she was still alive, she must be conscious too.
  It worried him that no one seemed concerned about this.
  In this state, she would surely lose her mind before her life.
  In short...
  The boy never wanted to see anything like this ever again.
  Bedsheets should be white, not red. With every blink, the color deepened.
  Soujyuro was finally forced to accept that the bleeding mess in the center of it was... her.
  He felt the blood surge in his veins.
  The squeaking of the bed; the snip of the scissors; the gasps of agony... it all faded.
  All he could hear was his own pounding heartbeat.
  The smell of the blood she choked up sent a wave of nausea through him.
  His knees abandoned him.
  And it was perfectly understandable.
  His brain had to shut his consciousness off to protect itself.
  The mind could only take so much reality.
  He would give anything to never see something like that again.
"...Silly me. You know everything, don't you, Aoko?
  Not just about you,
  but what happens after this too; what survives, what won't. You can see it all.
  And through it all, you never lose sight of who you are.
  You're so strong."
  And on she went.
  I kind of liked her smile, but she just had to go and say the one thing I wished she hadn't.
  The last day of middle school seems so long ago.
  As the ephemeral cherry blossom petals danced around, my little dream was crushed.
  I'd never really considered myself strong.
  At least, until I began remembering those words from time to time.
"I thought you of all people would understand, Aozaki.
  I mean, of course you do. That's what makes you strong."
  ...And lately, an idiot who said things like that had appeared in my life.
  I knew I always judged people more harshly than those around me, but to have someone I'd only known for a few days point that out was like a stab in the chest.
  Not only that, the words sounded so similar, they made me so angry I couldn't see straight.
  Only him and one other person have ever said anything like that to me.
  Then again, I suppose my sister said the same without actually saying it.
  "You're different from us."
  But me being me, I took it as a curse rather than a compliment.
  My actions, my choices, my morals... all the good and bad I've done...
  When all's said and done, am I really any better than everyone else?
  Of course I am. I'll never sacrifice myself for those around me.
  They just had to call me strong-true to myself, in spite of how alone, stubborn, and ridiculous I know I can be.
  When I was younger, it only confused me.
  I mean, I don't know any other way; I am who I am.
  The frustrating fact is, I simply don't have the courage to give up.
  So why...?
  Why do I get treated special for doing what comes naturally?
  ...The sunlight stirred her.
  Maybe it was the pain from having her whole body held together by arcane threads,
  but Aoko felt like she'd had a silly dream.
"...Ah..."
  She gulped air through her painful, parched throat.
  Gray rays of light shone through a small window, bringing her back to reality.
"Ugh... I feel... itchy."
  Unable to bear it, Aoko attempted to roll over.
  Except, she could only move her right arm.
  She tried lifting her arm, but couldn't feel anything past her elbow.
  Once she stopped concentrating on her bandaged arm,
 it fell to the bed like a stone.
"...Okay."
  Aoko took in her surroundings, moving only her eyes.
  Evidently, she had been asleep in this bed.
  Unable to feel certain parts of her body, she felt like a robot.
  The room was tiny and undecorated.
  It was like an apartment without a tenant. Judging by the good repair, she guessed that she was in Aida Church.
  Outside, it seemed closer to noon than morning.
  Clouds filled the sky as usual, dulling the sun's rays.
  Idly, she thought that it could be enough to melt the snow outside.
  And then finally, she noticed the figure of a girl.
  Next to her bed, Alice Kuonji was sitting in a chair, unmoving.
"...Good morning, Alice."
  She called out to her, all too casually.
  It was more difficult to talk than she thought.
  Alice was her typical stoic self.
  Although Aoko did notice a glimpse of concern in her eyes.
"You haven't slept, Alice. I can tell from your poor complexion."
"I tried. But I can't until the substance Touko made me swallow leaves my system.
  I suppose my lukewarm discomfort is  a fart in a windstorm compared to what you're going through."
  Alice's uncharacteristically vulgar comment helped Aoko feel a little more like her usual self.
  She felt reassured having a comrade-in-arms by her side instead of a concerned neighbor.
"So, she got you too.
  ...I can guess how it went, but fill me in on the details."
  Aoko remained horizontal as she spoke with a cool tone.
  Despite Aoko's condition, Alice granted her request.
  After all, they had known each other for two years.
  Alice knew exactly the kind of anesthesia Aoko Aozaki needed right now.
  Alice Kuonji's battle with Touko Aozaki ended in the former's victory.
  The Thames Troll was a special familiar even among fairy-tale monsters.
  While lacking the incredible reality-warping abilities of Flat Snark, its sheer mass, durability, and strength were second to none.
  Touko's rune magecraft was rendered completely ineffective by its stone armor.
  In all fairness to Touko, most mages would not stand a chance against the Bridge Giant.
  The reason lay in the Mystic's body.
  As a general law of magecraft, a Mystic will lose to a stronger, older Mystic.
  The history of the Bridge Giant dated back well over a thousand years.
  Its origins could be traced to the 1st century when Britannia was conquered by the Romans.
  Conversely, despite having roots dating back to the Age of Gods, runes had unfortunately been lost to time.
Rune magecraft was little more than an attempt to revive and use a dead art.
  However, monsters from fairy tales, like the troll, were different;
  they lived on in the hands of Alice Kuonji.
  The magical world was vast, but one could probably count on one hand the number of magecraft that still functioned after being chanted into existence a millennia ago, as Alice's Ploys did.
  In contrast, Touko the rune-user was only about two decades old.
  Carving a rune took only a moment.
  There was no way a quick spell could defeat the personification of London Bridge in Alice's homeland.
  That being said...
  A beast had appeared that surpassed even those from fairy tales:
  Beowulf, the Golden Beast.
  It seemed absurd to compare a small and relatively powerless wolf to a towering stone giant.
  The Thames Troll's attacks were earth-quaking.
  A direct hit from its 50-ton strikes would smash anything to paste,
  while a glancing blow would still create mincemeat.
  And yet, the beast had attacked head-on and torn right through it.
  The wolf's fur bristled,
  and the creature metamorphosed like liquid.
  It was a breathtaking display.
  The wolf howled at the moon, as if in joy, and streaked forth like a bolt of golden light.
  In an instant, the duel was decided.
  The radiant spear of a wolf flew straight through the giant's chest and sank its teeth into its heart. The troll exploded.
  Chunks of stony muscle rained down.
  Luminous fur scattered in the wind.
  Two Mystics dispersed without a trace, and returned from whence they came.
  The curtain fell on a battle straight out of mythology.
  There among the rubble of the fairy-tale monster...
  was the Golden Wolf, standing like a flame.
  What came after could barely be described as a battle;
  it was more like the slaughter of defeated pawns.
  The wolf leapt on Alice, disemboweling her with ease.
  Its claws cut through the protective wards on Alice's coat like a hot knife through butter.
  The Golden Wolf-
  this wolf which understood human speech could only be the magical creature known as the werewolf.
  Werewolves were the forest people of western Europe, with origins far more ancient than the fabricated vampire legends of the continent.
  However, none were known to have golden coats.
  It was said that the most elite werewolf bloodlines boasted silver fur.
  Silver werewolves were pack leaders, and werewolves of that caliber were considered Phantasmal, rather than merely magical creatures.
  But a golden werewolf was superior even to that, and so transcended human knowledge.
  Alice Kuonji's Ploys were among the ultimate Mystics to have been created by humankind.
  Therefore, the Golden Wolf could only have been a Mystic born of the planet.
  When a celestial body has been active for millions, even billions of years, occasionally a miraculous droplet of Creation spills over into our current world.
  This Mystic had to be over three thousand years old.
  A human mage-
  no, any mage living in the current magical paradigm would be helpless against the Golden Wolf. Not even in theory would they stand a chance of defeating it.
  ...Which meant that this werewolf was Aoko and Alice's worst nightmare.
"...I see.
If it was too much even for you, Alice, I never would've stood a chance.
  ...But that means non-magical attacks should work on it, right?
  Thames is powered by magical energy, but isn't its punch just raw force? One hit and it's game over."
"It's not that simple, unfortunately.
His base form was a wolf, but he can transform to adapt to the situation. He took Thames' punch by turning into a giant ape-like thing.
  Even if we used a machine gun or a rocket launcher, he could probably transform into something to defend himself."
"...So he can turn into any living creature.
  What about his mass? He can't change that, can he?
  Ugh. Why'd he have to be well over six feet tall on top of all his other strengths?
  Random question, but what if he could turn into a sea creature? That'd be just awful."
  Aoko narrowed her eyes as she bemoaned this creature's existence.
  The conversation appeared to have revived her fighting spirit. Once again, her eyes were focused and her thoughts clear; Aoko was back to her usual self.
"So what happened next? Were you able to escape?"
"No. The wolf had its way with me next."
  Alice explained how the wolf had pinned her to the ground.
  Incidentally, she kept the part about Soujyuro rather short.
Alice herself was not entirely sure why she felt it necessary to leave most of that information out.
"Hmm. So Touko came straight to me after fighting you.
  That was your plan, sis-you wanted to end this all yesterday.
  It was my mistake for forgetting... We always did have a habit of having the same thought at the same time."
"Once you reveal your hand to the enemy, you have to take them out.
  She waited until she was down to the last two sigils to reveal herself and divide our strength.
  I knew she'd do something like that, but I never imagined she'd have a freakin' werewolf with her."
  Aoko let out a heavy sigh.
  Alice nodded slightly in agreement.
"...Anyway, I can't believe Soujyuro came to your rescue. I know I should be grateful, but he's such an idiot.
  If I was in Touko's shoes, I'd be tying up any loose ends.
After dealing with us, wiping him out should have been a piece of cake."
"Sizuki is under this church's protection now."
  Aoko's eyes widened.
"What? Am I hearing things?
  You actually went out of your way to protect him?"
"I was thinking of you. We wouldn't want you getting angry, now, would we?"
  Alice responded with her eyes closed.
  Aoko frowned in silent indignation,
  as if she wanted to protest where Alice got *that* idea from.
"...Well, whatever. He's here now, I assume. But where?"
  Still unable to move her neck, she looked around as best she could.
"He collapsed, so he's resting in Father Eiri's bedroom."
  Aoko furrowed her brow at "collapsed."
  Sure, he was under the church's protection, but had Touko set the wheels in motion for his death?
"What exactly happened to him?"
  Alice paused for a moment before carefully answering the question.
"Well,
 when he saw you, he vomited."
  She had decided to be blunt.
  Aoko was taken aback.
  For several seconds, dim sunlight leaked through the window.
  Once she had found her voice again, she muttered,
"...Whatever. That's kind of rude, though."
  Perhaps amused, or perhaps exhausted from staying up all night, Alice cracked a tiny giggle.
"Alice! What's so funny?!"
"Oh, nothing. Sizuki had his reasons, I'm sure. You were in a bad state, Aoko."
  Aoko appraised her physical state.
  She was dressed in a hospital gown.
  Bandages covered the majority of her body; her right leg was in a plaster cast.
  Since she could move her right arm, she brought her bandaged fingers up to her throat.
"Oh yeah... I remember now. That little shit bit my neck.
  It was crazy, being torn to pieces like that. I even heard my neck snapping. 'Gross' doesn't do the feeling justice.
  ...Dammit. He played with me like some kind of chew toy. I almost wish I could forget."
  Aoko sounded upbeat, but the look in her eyes was anything but.
  She had been torn to pieces, but her life had been "mercifully" spared.
  At least she hadn't been dismembered.
  She had been bitten, beaten, and her bones broken.
  Magic Crests containing the Aozakis' secret arts decorated her body.
  Even if her spine was broken, as long as her body was alive, the crests would piece it back together.
  Despite the crests easing the pain a little, she still hurt enough to want to kill that wolf a hundred times over.
"...If all sigils have been broken,
  Misaki City's leylines are wide open.
  We thought we had the edge of having the big picture of the area, but if Touko's known for  awhile, then she's a step ahead of us.
  Let's be real. How long do you think it'll take her to transfer dominion rights?"
"For Touko, it won't even take her two days.
  She has no choice but to wait for the land itself to restore the sigils.
  By the time the defenses are in working order again, this town will be as good as hers."
"So come tomorrow morning, I lose everything.
  What about you, Alice? Any fight left in you?"
"I can manage a little bit of mental magecraft.
  After that, I'd be relying on trinkets."
"...Hah. That won't cut it."
  Aoko went silent again,
  staring straight at the ceiling.
  Alice knew all too well what that look meant.
"You're still planning on fighting, aren't you, Aoko?"
"Can you blame me? It's not like I can give up.
  ...What about you?"
"Once something is mine, it stays mine."
  Aoko muttered in agreement to Alice's terse response.
  Alice's intense attachment to her possessions was enough to make even Aoko shiver.
  "Once something is mine, it stays mine." To take it step further, betrayal was an unforgivable sin. This personal motto was further proof of her uncompromising nature.
"Okay. That settles it then.
  I'm going to get some rest. Come hell or high water, I'll be ready by tonight."
  If the nun who stitched her back together had heard that, she would have fainted.
  Aoko could barely even eat in her current condition.
Even so,
 Alice nodded and stood up.
  As Aoko's partner, she knew that once her mind was made up, she had to trust her.
  Silently, the girl in black began to take her leave.
"Oh."
  She stopped in front of the door, her hand to her mouth.
"Alice?"
  Aoko was curious, suspecting that Alice had something silly to say again.
  Quite the contrary.
  Instead of blushing, Alice furrowed her brow, like she was thinking over a difficult riddle.
"Alice...? Hello...?" 
  Aoko called out,
  but Alice remained with her back to her roommate.
"How did he make it to me in time...?"
  She spoke as if the words had accidentally burst out from her thoughts.
  Alice's question was about something Aoko could not possibly have guessed.
"...It happened before, too.
  Even though we took the first train back..."
  She carried on mumbling at the door.
  Unable to find an answer, Alice gloomily put her hand on the doorknob.
"If you don't want to say, it's fine,
  but if you do, then spit it out already."
  Alice did not respond.
  She opened the door to leave the room, and left a few words hanging in the air:
"...It might be nothing.
By the way, Yuika said she couldn't see Sizuki."
  The door closed with a thud.
"Huh. That doesn't happen every day."
  Aoko mumbled to herself from her bed, seeming slightly happier.
  Blind since birth, Yuika Suse saw the world through her other senses.
  She was especially sensitive to enemies, or those who bore ill will,
  and typically viewed almost everyone as a threat-
  presumably because that was the easiest thing to pick up on.
  So when she said she "couldn't see Soujyuro," that meant he was completely harmless.
  And then...
  That harmless individual decided to pay the small sickroom a visit.
  Soujyuro looked like a stiff breeze could knock him over. It made Aoko wonder who the real patient was.
"What do you want?"
  Though Aoko could barely move, she was still able to give him the cold shoulder.
  His expression gaunt, Soujyuro grunted something or other, before beginning to speak more coherently.
"Alice was sleeping in the guest room, and I was in the chapel. People started coming in, so I came here."
"Ah, must be time to worship. It is Christmas."
  It was indeed Christmas, but regular mass was on Christmas Eve.
  The ones gathering in the chapel must have been truly devout followers.
  Tourists were rare in Misaki, after all.
  So much so that almost no one visited the area this time of year. The worshippers must have been locals.
"So? Why do you care? There might be someone there you know."
  Aoko was as distant as ever.
  She clearly had not forgotten the fact he had vomited when he saw her, and a hint of spite leaked into her voice.
  Then again...
"It's not that. I just thought it might be a good chance to ask you some things.
Can we talk for a bit?"
  Since Aoko was always in a bad mood, Soujyuro did not pick up on anything out of the ordinary. 
"..."
  She wanted to tell him to go drink some water because he looked ready to collapse, but he didn't seem aware of his own condition.
  And to be fair to him, Alice did say Aoko was in bad shape. Given how unaccustomed to blood Soujyuro was, it was no wonder he had fainted.
"Oh... of course.
  You're probably still too injured to talk. Sorry, I'll come back later."
  Soujyuro seemed to have misunderstood Aoko being deep in thought as not having enough stamina to speak.
  Naturally this did not sit well with Aoko.
"Hold it right there. If you came to talk, I can talk just fine. I've been cooped up in here, so I could use the distraction.
  ...Okay, so you're not the best distraction, but beggars can't be choosers."
  Soujyuro sensed this was going to be rough,
 but took a seat on the chair next to the bed.
"So, what do you want to ask me?"
  Aoko spoke energetically in an attempt to distract from her weakened appearance.
  Naturally, she knew she was fooling no one.
"You really are strong, Aozaki.  I'm relieved to see that you're okay."
  Soujyuro said, nodding in admiration.
  Aoko shot him an unimpressed look in response to the unwanted praise.
"...
Honestly, you have the worst timing."
"?"
"Nothing. Forget it.
  Just something from a dream. It's nothing to do with you."
  She glowered, remembering.
  Come to think of it, almost everyone in her dream was here in the church, turning her dour expression into a irritated one.
"Enough about that. You said you had questions, so out with them."
"All right. Can you tell me what's going on?
  I mean with Touko. Now that I'm involved and all."
  Soujyuro spoke calmly, making Aoko wonder if he really understood the gravity of his situation.
  He was Touko's enemy now; he was defenseless and needed protection.
  Neither Aoko nor Alice could help him, and the Church could withdraw their sanctuary at any moment.
  He had picked a side, and that had turned him from innocent bystander into target.
  The answer he sought was as simple as that.
  He knew the facts: he was not a mage and was therefore powerless.
"...I guess you did help Alice."
  Aoko did owe him for that.
  To say thanks, she decided to at least give him the whole story up until now.
"Okay, I'll quickly walk you through everything.
  Y'know, maybe even I'll get something out of it."
  Aoko composed herself before beginning her explanation.
  The battle began at the end of November.
  A lot had happened since then, including meeting Soujyuro.
"It all started a month ago,
  when the edge of the Bounded Field around Misaki City was taken down-
  the fifth time since I became successor. Misaki City was officially under attack."
"This time, instead of attacking us directly, the enemy started by taking the land.
  Everyone that had come before her had been a bunch of amateurs all full of themselves, attacking us head-on. They all ended up as kibble for Alice's watchdog."
"Anyway, two types of Bounded Fields surround this area: one detects intruders; one siphons energy from the land.
  The enemy attacked the latter. If the entire field is destroyed, then Alice and I effectively lose our ownership of this land.
  Without land, we become no different than rogue mages."
"Of course, we had another field set up to detect intruders, but it didn't do what it was supposed to.
  And now we know why.
  The enemy was my sister, Touko Aozaki."
"Aozaki Bounded Fields aren't going to recognize a fellow Aozaki as a threat.
  Alternatively, she may have just known about a blind spot and slipped in that way.
  As the original successor, it's only natural she'd have that knowledge to begin with."
"So, since she was invisible to us, she had free rein to break Bounded Field sigils.
  She deliberately attacked them slowly, one by one, to make us think it was an outsider.
  If she'd broken them all at once, I'd suspect it was one of my relatives, such as someone from the Asagi family."
"While we were stupid to fall for her little game, it's also possible it took her a long time to destroy the field.
  Our fields are made of strong stuff. They typically last for six months."
"An enemy would need to figure out how many sigils supported the field, what elements comprise them, and the correct order to take them down.
  All the while making sure the mage they belong to doesn't notice."
"If we did notice, we'd locate the intruder's base and eliminate them before any damage could be done.
  So, Bounded Fields are either broken during a drawn-out battle or preemptively before it even starts.
  Usually, the enemy threatens to break the sigils to lure the landowner out. Then things are settled there and then with a duel between mages."
"Doing that eliminates the need to completely destroy a field.
  It's much faster to take out the landowner and-as long as they can decipher the formula-seize the fields and land afterward.
  If you don't destroy the fields, you don't have to remake them. Besides, ones that have been in the land for years are stronger."
  That was how Aoko and Alice were duped.
  They never thought the enemy would waste the time and effort needed to break all sigils.
"That's why Alice and I went on the defensive.
  We figured we could surprise the enemy while they searched for the sigils; take them out one by one.
  But that's when things started to go south.
  When a certain busybody saw something he shouldn't have at the local park."
  Indeed.
  It was the ultimate taboo in the world of magecraft:
  The existence of mages must never be revealed to outsiders.
"And you know the rest, right?
  I had no choice but to leave our battle with the enemy to Alice, and devote my time to searching for the eye-witness.
  ...And in case you haven't realized, I'm talking about you, so don't give me a soppy look like you're surprised."
  No sooner had Aoko said that, Soujyuro gave her that exact look.
  Clearly, he had been listening, but not necessarily understanding.
"Whatever. It's water under the bridge. Actually, thanks to your cluelessness, our secret is still safe.
  Anyway, the fact I went looking for you worked in the enemy's favor."
"Alice was their biggest threat. With us separated, she could take me out. That's when she sent her special puppet.
  Or so I thought at the time. It turns out she only sent it to mess with me.
Otherwise why use a puppet that looked just like me?"
  Soujyuro nodded, thinking back to the Aoko replica.
"Remember, I'd prefer it if you forgot about that incident altogether.
  After that, you can fill in the blanks.
  Alice and I turned our attention to fighting the enemy, spending most nights tracking her fruitlessly, until the fight last night.
  That's the long and short of it."
  She stared down at her body, as if recalling what had happened would help her accept her current state.
  Under the sheet, magical energy steadily flowed through her partially bandaged body.
"Okay, Aozaki. I think I'm all caught up.
  But what about you? Why are you in this state?"
  Soujyuro's specific concern was the reason Aoko was lying there.
  More than anything, he wanted to know what had happened to her the night before.
"Simple. We lost. What more is there to say?"
  Judging by her tone, she would have raised both hands sarcastically in celebration if she could.
"You lost...?"
"Yep. It sucks, but there's no getting around it.
  The moment all five sigils were broken, it was over.
  The land rights are up in the air, until tomorrow when Touko claims them.
  In trying to prevent that, Alice and I ended up like this.
  The tables have turned. So from here on, we'll be the challengers. We are the rogue mages."
  Which meant that Aoko, Alice, and Soujyuro only had a few more days with which to utilize the Church's services.
  Aida Church was not only an arm of the Mage's Association, but also a branch of the Holy Church that monitored heresy.
  Aoko and Alice were owners of Misaki City's spiritual lands, but they belonged to neither of these organizations.
  The only reason the Church helped them at all was because they were the land's administrators.
  Once those rights were lost, the Church would have no reason to provide any further aid.
"Father Eiri is helping us because he's neutral in all this, but Yuika is a Church Executor. Once I'm healed, she'll kick me out.
The Church sees mages as their professional competition.
  And that stupid Ritsuka... Well, she might help out if I cried."
  Soujyuro understood little of what Aoko was talking about.
"I didn't mean that, Aozaki.
I meant, what actually happened last night?"
  Soujyuro pressed her, and Aoko really wished he had not.
"...You can't tell by looking? They wiped the floor with me.
  My throat was torn to pieces along with the rest of me; my right thigh was basically gone.
  If it wasn't for Alice's chocolate, I'd have bled to death."
  She knocked on the cast around her leg.
  Aoko spoke casually, but was trying to hide how much she wanted revenge for being humiliated.
"..."
  In contrast, Soujyuro felt empty.
  The little color he had in his face began to fade.
  Was he repulsed by the terrible situation, or were his instincts telling him to flee?
  Regardless, he appeared very human.
"What the hell's wrong with you? ...Oh, wait. I know.
  You were stupid enough to look at me and throw up, am I right? Well you can stop worrying. I'm in one piece now.
  Yuika's a pro, and I'm still alive. Regeneration is a specialty of the Aozaki mages, so I'll be fine."
  She gave him a reassuring look, but his expression was unchanged.
  Aoko had expected him to worry, but this level of concern made it hard for even her to berate him.
  Feeling embarrassed, she started talking again.
"The question is how on earth did my sister manage to tame a golden wolf? I didn't even think they existed.
  He's a relic from the Age of Gods; you'd need magecraft a millennium in the making just to stand a chance against him. Never mind trying to take him in a fistfight..."
  As images of the night before entered Aoko's mind, she bit her lip in anguish.
"A golden... wolf...?"
  Conversely, the bizarre phrase snapped Soujyuro out of his state of shock.
"Yeah. A golden wolf. A golden werewolf, to be exact.
  Then again, you've probably never heard of a werewolf. Think part human, part wolf, but only the best parts.
  It's a magical beast, as opposed to a wild one.
  There are ways to deal with regular werewolves, but the one with Touko has a golden coat."
"He's a descendant of the first werewolves; a transcended magical beast, Phantasmal Beast.
  To take on such a pure monster, you'd need a Mystic with a longer history or some really secret magecraft. Nothing else will even scratch him.
  Magecraft can do almost anything, but it just can't compete with something so ancient.
  He's the kind of natural disaster than any human mage dreads fighting."
  Her words indicated more admiration than hatred.
  The way she'd whispered about the wolf...
"..."
  ...strangely, made sense to Soujyuro.
"Wh-What? Out with it already."
"Oh, I was just thinking how there's something out there that even you and Alice can't defeat.
  ...It must be truly awful.
It tore apart Alice's stomach; and you... well, you don't have anywhere that wasn't torn apart.
  How could a kid-actually, I guess it's because he's a kid that he doesn't know how to hold back."
  Soujyuro's face was a ghostly pale as he muttered nervously.
  Aoko merely nodded in agreement.
"Now you get it.
What kid has the nerve to do *that* to someone's-wait, what did you just say?!"
  Aoko raised her head.
  She looked as if she had seen a ghost.
"Did you just say 'kid?'
  How the heck do you know that?"
"...I realized it was him that day. I'd never seen someone with such golden hair in my life. It has to have been him.
  We were deep in the woods. It didn't look anything like the monster you described, though.
  Kinomi wanted me to run after him. I told him no way, of course, the kid freaked me out. I knew there was no catching him."
  His tone was as curious as the things he was trying to articulate.
  Aoko, however, had more pressing matters.
  Much more pressing.
"You saw him?! Where?!"
"At the old school campus.
Come to think of it, I might have even met him. Just once, when I was working. I delivered fifty kilos of raw beef, and-"
"Oh my god, y-you absolute idiot!"
  A strangely satisfying slapping sound rang out.
  Ignoring her wounds completely, Aoko had grabbed a slipper and thrown it at Soujyuro's unassuming face as hard as she could.
  She panted, as Soujyuro was knocked completely out of his chair.
  For a while, neither moved.
"...What was that for, Aozaki?"
  The boy asked, unfazed, as he slowly picked himself up.
  He sat cross legged, as Aoko scowled at him like an enemy.
"What do you think?!
  Who keeps something like that to themselves!"
"...I didn't think it was worth mentioning. Even if I had, the two of you would've just gotten mad at me."
  Aoko knew he was right, and so she swallowed her words.
  She imagined themselves at dinner.
"You'll never guess what I did today―I delivered a mountain of beef to an animal. One animal. Rich people live in a different world, am I right?"
  If he had actually said it, Aoko and Alice's response would have been less than cordial.
"...Okay, you're probably right.
  Anyway, was there really a golden-haired child at the old school building?"
"I don't know whether he was your werewolf.
  And we've had some strange orders from restaurants in town. Especially that Imperial Metropolis near the station."
"That makes sense. There was no way he could eat out without drawing lots of attention to himself."
  She did not want to believe it, but the child had to be the werewolf.
  Could Touko really have been so careless as to hide him in plain sight?
  It didn't matter at this point.
  With the werewolf's habitat revealed, Touko's base had been revealed, too.
  To take over the Bounded Field, she needed an inconspicuous place to store materials.
  Misaki High School's old school building was the perfect place.
"Huh, you were hiding the key to the puzzle this whole time."
"I wasn't hiding anything.
If you'd actually helped with cleaning the backhills, you'd have found out for yourself.
  You shouldn't have left it to Tobimaru."
"..."
  In response to Soujyuro's infallible logic, Aoko snapped her fingers.
  Instead of another slipper missile, she let the faithful white collar express how she felt.
  And with the tightening of the collar...
  Soujyuro realized something.
  Aoko had changed.
  From the bed, she looked down on him with a commanding glare.
  Though weak from her injuries, she was as sharp as ever; you would be forgiven for forgetting she was ever a patient.
  She was raring to fight.
  It went without saying who her rage was directed at.
"...
Aozaki?"
"Hm?"
  Aoko responded in a vulnerable tone.
  Perhaps she had been taken by surprise.
  Now she had an objective, she had been lost in her own little world.
"Thanks, Soujyuro."
  He expected her to be sarcastic, but this was different.
  She was genuinely thanking him.
  He had never known her to be like this and was taken aback.
"I, um, I'm just showing my appreciation because you helped me figure out where Touko's hideout is.
  Satisfied?"
"Sure. It's nice to be thanked, but...
  Are you seriously going after Touko, in that condition?"
  His tone was closer to scolding than sympathetic.
  Aoko simply nodded resolutely.
"I'm just going to take back what's mine, while I still can.
  My sister won't waste a moment, and neither will I."
  She sounded unshakeable.
  Even so, Soujyuro would not back down.
"Even if you've got almost no chance of winning? What you need right now is rest.
Yesterday you were really messed up; you still are now. You're lucky to be alive."
"It's not luck. It's Touko."
"I don't understand."
"Touko. She purposely kept me alive to taunt me. To make me try again.
  She's waiting for me so we can settle the score. If she wasn't waiting, she'd have made her move already.
  As much as it pains me to, I'm taking your words to heart."
  Irritation tainted Aoko's words; from the side she looked terrifyingly serious.
  She was ready to fight to the death; Touko had given her little choice. Soujyuro could understand neither sister.
"Touko left you alive so she could kill you later?
  And yet you're still going after her."
"Exactly. She might have won the battle, but she hasn't won the war.
  I know I'd have a better chance fully healed, but while I'm recovering, Touko has gotten her claws into Misaki. That means I need to play my trump card.
  I have to do what I can while I can."
  Though the pain in her azure eyes was not as deep as the pain of death,
  it spoke of the regret she would feel if she did not do everything possible while blood still flowed through her veins.
"..."
"Understand now? Good. Then don't try and stop me.
  Listen to me, Soujyuro. You're not responsible for anything. Not my life, and not this fight.
  And I refuse to sit in bed waiting to die. Who'd do that if they felt they could win?"
  Soujyuro was dumbstruck.
  Aoko could never let anyone else get involved.
  Whether that was because she cared or cared less, he could not tell.
  What he did understand, though, was if he wanted to stop her he would have to do so with his bare hands.
And he knew better than to try that.
"..."
  Even so, he had to ask one last question.
  If he did not, he would not be able to live with himself after leaving this room.
"I don't get why you need to go to these lengths.
Is it out of obligation, or are you just forcing yourself?"
  There was a sadness in his eyes.
  However, Aoko was unmoved by them.
"It's not like you to ask something so deep.
  All right, I'll answer-even though it won't change anything."
"To be honest, I'm caught between the two.
  Don't get me wrong, though. Any sense of obligation, compulsion, pride, or fear comes from me and me alone.
  My grandfather wouldn't be mad if I stopped fighting Touko; I doubt Alice would complain, either.
  If I chose to run, nobody would give it a second thought. That's why this is all on me.
  I know it doesn't make a lot of sense."
"But I won't run away from Touko.
  All that matters is proving to myself that I'm alive.
  I know that my life has no meaning, and that's why I can do anything."
  With fiery passion, Aoko Aozaki had said her piece.
  Soujyuro was left with a pang in his chest.
  He did not know why, but her words angered him.
  Then again, at the same time...
  Her self-confidence had him in wonder.
  Even though she had said that her life had no meaning.
  Her stubbornness gave meaning to everything.
"So... would that still apply if..."
  Without thinking, he started to ask another question.
  Maybe he wanted to change her mind. Maybe he just wanted to hear her answer.
"...if, say, no one was watching?"
  It came out as a murmur.
  Indeed, if no one was watching, no one could know that she had fled.
  This was the situation Aoko was in. Even so, she shot him down instantly.
"Someone's always watching you. Even if it's only yourself."
  Her expression brightened, possibly because she had been surprised at having to state the obvious.
  Soujyuro was wide-eyed in shock, but Aoko remained nonchalant.
"Haven't you figured it out yet, Soujyuro?
  Nobody watches you more than you. That's why you have to stay on your toes."
  Soujyuro did not respond to her somewhat exasperated tone, but simply rose to his feet.
  He looked defeated, which was not like him at all.
"Soujyuro?"
"...I'm sorry. I know you're saying something really incredible.
It's just, I don't understand it."
  He meekly walked toward the door.
  As he placed his hand on the doorknob, he paused.
  For a few seconds, he fought with himself, desperately trying to think of something to say.
"..."
  No words came forth. And so he opened the door,
  which swung with a strange creak, and he left the room.
  After watching him go, Aoko turned her gaze toward the window.
  It was nearly evening.
  A thin veil of darkness was threatening to descend on the town outside.
  By evening, only Soujyuro remained in the chapel.
  He sat alone at the end of a pew...
  ...slouching helplessly like a guilty believer ready to confess.
  The chilly air seeped through the walls,
  turning breath to mist.
  The frigid air stole the heat from the body without mercy.
  Soujyuro looked around at the chapel's tall ceiling and spacious hall; the room made the air feel colder somehow.
"..."
  Unsure of what to do with himself, he stared into space.
  His thoughts were entirely unfocused.
  First and foremost, he could not understand what the buzzing sensation was in his chest.
  Time passed by; no answers came.
  To onlookers, he must have seemed deep in thought, or in a deep sleep, like he would turn to stone if left be. Either way, he clearly looked down.
  The problem was his lack of awareness-not that he was aware of it, of course.
"Worshipping at this hour? You're quite the devotee."
"..."
  Soujyuro raised his head, and turned to where the voice had come from.
  Stood before the altar was the man from last night, dressed in priestly garbs. How long had he been standing there?
  Sound reverberated dryly throughout the chapel hall.
  Soujyuro did not have the strength to stand, let alone leave. He just stared at the approaching shadow.
"Though, you'll not find the Holy Spirit in this church.
  Do you mind if I sit?"
  The priest pointed at Soujyuro's pew.
  Without waiting for an answer, he took a seat at the opposite end.
"I never formally introduced myself. I'm Eiri Fumidsuka, this church's... hmmm... 'owner' you could say-on paper, at least. Call me Father Eiri.
  You must be Soujyuro Sizuki, yes? I can see why Yuika didn't notice you."
  Father Eiri spoke in a gentle, but uninvested tone.
  He was a thorough egoist.
  Soujyuro knew all too well about people who spoke this way.
  The individual who cared for him when he first came down from the mountain was one of them.
"..."
  Soujyuro glanced across at him apathetically.
  Father Eiri seemed unfazed by the lack of direction to the conversation.
"I was wondering if I could speak with you for a moment."
  Soujyuro responded with a nod.
  Father Eiri replied with an artificial smile.
"You seem terribly worried about Aoko."
"Not really. Ritsuka said the same thing to me, but that's not it."
  Soujyuro stared straight ahead as he answered,
  his voice sounding uncharacteristically weak and unsure.
"She's been on my mind a lot, and I don't know why. I'm trying to figure that out."
"The answer's simple: you envy her."
  With those few words, Soujyuro snapped out of his funk.
  He clapped his hands, and turned toward the priest.
"I see. So I just envy her.
  ...Wait a second. That can't be good.
I didn't know I could feel that way."
  Father Eiri did not respond to his confession-like ramblings.
"So, what did you want to talk to me about?"
"Well, it's more of a question I'd like to ask, really.
  I heard you lived deep in the mountains until recently. Something strikes me as curious."
"Really? What?"
"Well, I doubt anyone has asked you this before.
No doubt, because you don't unnerve the people around you. I admit, I feel the same way, talking to you.
  Maybe it's opportunity presenting itself, or my sense of obligation as a man of the cloth, but when I see a lost lamb, I feel a need to guide it."
  Father Eiri looked at Soujyuro placidly;
  his pupils were like black holes that could suck the soul out of your body.
"I'm not sure what you're talking about.
  ...What's your question exactly?"
"Oh, don't worry. It's nothing unusual.
  Simply, why did you come down here? You seem like you'd be happier back home."
  Soujyuro was not sure what he had done, but it sounded as though the priest was accusing him of something.
  Then again, it was a reasonable question, if a little pointless.
"..."
  Soujyuro had no answer.
  Father Eiri ignored the sullen boy and continued.
"I'm somewhat aware of the challenges a life in the mountains might bring. I experienced it firsthand when I made a small mistake in my youth.
  Life in the mountains is incredibly simple: your time is dedicated to survival. You don't live for joy, but rather to stay alive. It makes a minimalist lifestyle seem full of excess."
"Compared to that, city life should be nothing short of paradise.
  However, paradise means something different to everyone."
  Soujyuro still did not answer; his expression remained blank.
  The only sound was the priest's voice echoing around the chapel.
"A life where even a single seed could bring joy...
  No matter the warmth the light of electricity brings, I expect you respect the bitter cold of nature more.
  So tell me, why come here when you'd be happier in the mountains?"
  Father Eiri repeated his question.
  Soujyuro's mouth remained firmly shut.
  Not because he did not want to answer, but because he simply did not know how to.
  All he knew was even if he wanted to go back, he could not.
"My son. Salvation will not be forthcoming to those who choose to ignore its calling.
  If you don't know why you left, you won't be able to love where you arrived.
  A word of advice: happiness doesn't come from the unquestionable acceptance of everything.
  Be fairer to yourself."
  Soujyuro could not make sense of what he was being told.
  Only the father's last words made any impression on him.
  Being fairer to yourself is easier said than done, of course.
  And what that entailed, Soujyuro was uncertain of.
"Actually, that makes sense..."
  Touko had mentioned something similar before, and it had impressed him.
  First her, now this priest. How could people know things he hadn't even told them?
"...Wow. Are all priests like you?"
  Soujyuro said, curious as to where the weight on his shoulders had gone to.
  In a way, one of his strong points is the fact that his emotional scars do not show on the surface.
"Indeed. A priest is obliged to shine a light on troubled hearts.
Though, of course, that's not always enough."
"By 'shine a light,' do you mean 'talk things over'?"
"Yes. To a certain extent at least. The only problems I can solve are mostly small."
  The priest shrugged, looking a little disconcerted.
  Granted Soujyuro still did not trust Father Eiri at all, but at that moment anyone was ray of light in his eyes.
"Um, do you mind helping me with another small problem?"
"You want to know why you're envious of Aoko, correct?"
  It was as though the priest could see into the boy's soul with his serene eyes.
"Well... yeah.
  I don't even know why I feel this way myself.
 But you seem to."
"I don't. I can simply guess, not being the one to shoulder the burden.
  Your envy may come from your lack of a foundation.
Or, more accurately, your lack of a color of your own."
  Soujyuro squinted, trying to understand the priest's complicated yet concise answer.
"This is what I'm talking about. You are extraordinarily flexible.
  You learned to live alone in a city after coming down from the mountains.
  And then, once you'd gotten used to that, you started living with Aoko and Alice in a very different world.
I don't know if you consciously try to adapt, but regardless, your ability to do so is astonishing.
  Also, I don't know why, but you do not appear to exhibit signs of a regular ego."
"You can respond to anything, but aren't influenced by it.
  To be frank, you're a blank canvas that stays blank.
  While blending in to your surroundings is a wonderful thing, no sense of self means having no place to call home.
  Your talent is a double-edged sword."
"The fact Yuika didn't see you was unexpected.
  She can perceive even incorporeal elemental spirits, and yet not you. That says a lot about your lack of greed."
  As if amused by something, Father Eiri grinned.
  However, Soujyuro understood neither the meaning of his smile nor his words.
"This is mere speculation, but I believe Aoko feels resentment when she looks at you.
  To a brazen soul like her, your lack of self is something she simply cannot accept.
  And yet, you see something in Aoko you could never attain."
"It feels crude to put such things into words, but it is what it is.
  A moment ago, I said you envied Aoko, but that's not quite true.
  In fact, you... No. Never mind.
Some things are best left unsaid."
  Father Eiri smiled gently.
  It was a fresh-faced grin that belied his age.
  Whenever it came to Aoko, he seemed to forget his role as a priest.
  But that was irrelevant to Soujyuro.
"So, um, Father, what exactly do I admire about Aoko, then?"
  Soujyuro responded to Father Eiri's rambling by being direct.
  Some would say the priest had been direct himself, but this was Soujyuro, and he needed things spelled out.
"...You still don't get it?
  Then you have me beat, Soujyuro. Some things really are difficult to put into words. Then again, I am simply a man of the cloth. How about a change of tack?
  Do you know about Aoko's past?"
"Not much. She told me some weird stuff I didn't understand about her start to high school and things."
"So by 'not much,' you mean 'nothing.'
  Very well, Sizuki. Allow me to try something more abstract.
  If you were suddenly told to kill yourself, could you?"
"K-Kill myself...?"
"Yes, kill yourself. Of course, a priest shouldn't talk about such things, but my appearance is only skin deep.
  Anyway, Aoko was asked to do something along those lines when she was fifteen.
  Throw away her hopes and dreams, her past and future, everything she was up to that point. Become a different being entirely.
  Well? The end of your self is the end of your future, wouldn't you agree?"
"..."
  His words fit what Aoko had said about her past.
  Until middle school, she led a normal life.
  Then out of the blue, she became the family heiress in place of her sister.
  Becoming a Magician meant casting aside the life she had known.
  She had to leave behind her ambitions and prospects, and live the life of a mage-something she barely knew anything about.
  Her life up to that point had taught her that everything from then on would bring her misery.
  Aoko's grandfather was not the forceful type.
  Your sister has failed. Now, it's your turn, he had said.
  Did Aoko resist?
  Soujyuro could not begin to imagine.
  All he knew is that she could not be happy with the hand she was dealt.
  Even if the life of a Magician was attractive, to believe the possibility that Aoko could give up her lifestyle up to that point was to not know her at all.
  Aoko Aozaki put her all into everything.
  She had probably achieved a lot in those fifteen years.
  Her achievements and prospects were no doubt enough to make anyone jealous.
But did she have the conviction to those away and go back to square one?
  And "square one" did not come close to the reality of it.
  The future she had envisioned for so long would have been obliterated.
"...So, what did Aoko do?"
"Well, we're talking about one exceptionally stubborn girl.
  Had I not witnessed it myself I wouldn't have believed it, but... she nodded.
She stood there defiantly, curling her shaking fingers into balled fists.
  Not to appease her grandfather. Not out of obligation to the Aozaki family. But because she hates to run away from anything."
"Now, refusing something is not the same as running away from it, but try telling that to Aoko. To her, running away would be rejecting the life she'd forged.
  If that was all to go, she would say farewell on her own terms. So that was what she did.
  Extreme, but she's the kind of person who would sacrifice everything in the name of progress."
  An affectionate smile crossed Father Eiri's face.
  Rather than signaling his closeness to Aoko, it conveyed the pride of a guardian.
"However, I was also mistaken. As it turns out, Aoko had been raised to become a mage all along.
  Her grandfather predicted Touko would leave, and that Aoko would become his heiress. So he raised them both accordingly."
"As a priest-if only by name-I felt uncomfortable about that; I knew she had no interest in her new role.
  Things could hardly go exactly how her grandfather had planned, so I asked her to flee with me to Mexico.
  Alas, she turned me down without a moment's thought.
  I still remember every word of her answer..."
"...Well, me crying isn't going to change anything, is it?
  If I'm the only one who can do it, I'll do it.
  Even if I get thrown to the wolves, I'll just have to find a way to survive.
  Running away is only a last resort.
  Until then, hear me roar."
  The priest recited her words as if recalling lines from a favorite play.
  It certainly seemed like something she would say.
  The last thing Aoko said in the room she was recovering in probably meant the same.
  Of course, when an audience is watching, you want their approval.
  However, approval must come from within first.
  Aoko worked to feel proud of herself before worrying about how others viewed her.
  She at least wanted to do her job with grace.
  In response to everything she had lost, she would hang in there, even if it meant going it alone.
  As for why Soujyuro envied her... well, that was obvious.
  To Soujyuro, she lived her life with her head held high.
  He was a boy who accepted everything, but had nothing.
  She was a girl who threw it all away, but never lost a thing.
  He stood in the meeting room alone,
  seeing the ugliness within,
  and the sublime outside.
  Looking back,
  he finally realized what was eating at him.
"I think you see it now. It's not her appearance that strikes you as beautiful, but her spirit.
  Not that she isn't physically beautiful, of course."
  Soujyuro nodded.
  From the day he first met her,
  that was indeed how he had felt; it just took him till now to realize it.
  The strength in her eyes and her unwavering will had captured his heart.
"She... puts up with a lot." 
"She really does. There's a lot of fight packed into that small frame."
  Father Eiri spoke from the heart.
  Soujyuro raised his head, gave a small grin, and scratched his cheek; so many hours wasted brooding like an idiot.
  A part of him still felt strange, but it didn't bother him to leave the question unsolved for now.
  Unable to stay still, he stood up.
  He couldn't care less about the Aozaki family, mage battles, or Aoko rushing off to her death.
  Right now, he just wanted to see her face.
"Stop. The recovery room is off-limits."
  The cold words echoed around the chapel.
  They reached Soujyuro as he was about to head back to Aoko.
  The sightless sister must have been waiting by the altar. She moved quickly to block his path.
"Miss Yuika. I'm not allowed in?"
"Correct. Miss Kuonji told me to make sure nobody enters."
"Alice said that?"
  Soujyuro was suspicious of why Alice would have said that.
  He could understand being kept out if Aoko was being treated, or her condition had worsened. But this seemed different.
  Besides, Aoko herself said her treatment had finished.
"Now now, Sister Yuika. There's no need to be so curt.
  Why not just tell him the truth? That the room is actually empty.
Aoko left some time ago."
"But Father Eiri!"
  The priest began to explain everything from the pew he still sat in.
  About the things he and Soujyuro had spoken about.
  And why he, a stranger, would be so concerned about a person he knew nothing about.
  It all became clear to Soujyuro.
"This was your plan all along."
  Soujyuro's voice was full of anger, but Father Eiri did not flinch.
"My apologies. Aoko requested I look after you.
  While I did need to buy her time to prepare, I honestly did want to talk to you."
  The priest's attempt to smooth things over was far from sincere.
  Soujyuro grit his teeth to control his rage.
  Why had they not stopped Aoko and Alice from heading towards certain death?
  Because both the nun and priest were of the same ilk as the mages.
  As such, they understood Aoko's decision, and the priest understood Aoko, too.
  Even if he did have the power to stop her, he would not have.
  The Aoko Aozaki he knew was not about to hide away in a church and lick her wounds.
"Where's Alice?"
"With Aoko. They left about thirty minutes ago."
  Father Eiri even went so far as to divulge the time.
  Thirty minutes ago: the same time the priest reared his head.
  It would not take even half that long to get to the school from here.
  And then another ten minutes or less to get to Misaki High's old school building from there.
"...!"
  Soujyuro turned to the entrance of the chapel.
  However...
"Stop. Where do you think you're going?"
  The sound of her voice stopped him in his tracks.
  An unseen pressure had locked him in place.
  Her admonition seemed to carry a spellbinding power, stopping the foolhardy boy where he stood.
"You know nothing of mage battles.
  You're too weak to help; you'd be a liability.
  If they fall, that's their prerogative. Let them tear each other apart as they wish.
A young, innocent bystander like you has no business taking part in such a calamity."
  She spoke with quiet anger.
  Her contempt was not directed at Aoko or Alice, though, but Soujyuro for being so eager to waste his life.
"If there was a shred of hope, I wouldn't stop you.
  But there isn't. There's nothing you can do for them, either."
  She was right. It would be pointless of him to go.
  At the amusement park, he had been useless in the end.
  Now, they faced something even worse. He couldn't even imagine how he might contribute this time.
"Listen carefully. Aoko Aozaki's grandfather trained her to protect herself. Magecraft aside, she's still tougher than you.
  Even so, she still doesn't stand a chance against that beast of a familiar."
  Soujyuro's physical strength-his only edge-meant nothing.
If he went now, he would only get in their way.
  Yuika was correct.
  And yet...
"I have to go. I owe Aoko a debt I must repay."
  He spoke calmly, but firmly.
  Though almost moved, the sister frowned slightly.
  She felt bad for him, but her warning was for his own good.
  If he would not listen to reason, then she would have to make him sleep. She raised a finger of binding at Soujyuro.
"You mean you *want* to repay your debt, Soujyuro.
  Incidentally, Sister Yuika, please refrain from using magecraft within the church.
  At least save it for religious ceremonies, or it'll affect my investigation.
...Dear Lord, give me strength. You seem so quiet, Soujyuro, but you're more short-tempered than Ritsuka."
"If I may, Father Eiri..."
"I see no harm in letting him go. Or would you rather see Touko destroy Aoko and Alice?"
"That issue is separate from this suicidal devotion.
  Reconsider, Mr. Sizuki. Even if you go, there's nothing you can do for them."
"..."
    The truth of the statement cut Soujyuro deep.
  But despite everything that was being said, his mind was made up.
  It always had been. Even if he was not certain, he at least would not hesitate.
  He had always followed his instincts to the end, no matter where they took him.
"I know.
But I'm still going.
  If I stay here, I really am powerless."
  His heart burned in his chest.
  While he listened to the priest talk, he could only think of seeing Aoko.
  He was not worried; he did not want to help.
  He just wanted to see her.
He would figure out what came next once he got there.
"See? He isn't suicidal.
  You say he'll get in the way, but Aoko and Alice stand no chance of winning anyway, correct?
  
So what's the problem? Better to burn out in a blaze of glory."
"Father..."
"What are you waiting for, Soujyuro? Get going.
  Your response has moved Sister Yuika.
  And now you can move your legs, right?"
  As soon as the priest pointed at Soujyuro, he could move again.
  The pressure weighing on his shoulders lifted, along with the fear in his heart.
Could he help? Would he expose Aoko and Alice to more danger? All such doubts had vanished.
"I'm heading out, then. With any luck, we'll meet again."
"Good. Whatever happens, no regrets."
  And with that, Soujyuro began to run, as Father Eiri watched with a look of satisfaction.
  The priest knew if he could not persuade Aoko, he could not convince Soujyuro either.
  He watched the impetuous boy run away,
  as the blind nun listened to his footsteps fade into the distance.
  Yuika was different from Soujyuro and the priest.
  While she showed no mercy to corruption or self-righteousness, she embraced benevolence to the innocent.
  Such an ordinary boy with his life ahead of him... and yet he chose to follow heretics into Hell.
"How can you live with yourself, Father Eiri?
  I thought responsible adults guided wayward children."
  She made no effort to hide her biting disapproval.
  It was simply her way of showing concern for the boy.
  Father Eiri shrugged.
"You're mistaken about a few things, Sister Yuika.
  Your use of the term 'responsible adult' for a start.
  An adult is someone who takes responsibility no matter what."
  The rest went unspoken: it didn't matter to him which of them died.
  With a warm, goodly smile, the priest corrected the nun's misunderstanding.
  The Golden Wolf's ears stood pointed, twitching in response to the sounds around it.
  Its meal finished, it curled up into a ball in anticipation of nap time, and yawned, half from boredom.
  The old, abandoned classroom had fulfilled its purpose many moons ago.
  For a month, the wolf had spent his time resting on top a heap of disheveled desks.
  His name was Lugh Beowulf.
  He was a purebred werewolf, named after the sun at his birthplace and a hero of legend upon leaving there.
  It goes without saying he was not from this country.
  He came from a land deep within the European wilderness, surrounded by mountains and forests.
  His homeland was a realm no human had ever set foot in.
  In their isolated world forgotten by time, a diminishing race of werewolves lived in peace.
  This was where Beo first appeared.
  In a cave on the outskirts of their village, the werewolves found a child bearing the same golden coat as their ancestors.
  The child was sleeping soundly, as if in his natural habitat.
  The village welcomed their new member with open arms.
  Two thousand years of advancing civilization had been cruel to them.
  As the forests were destroyed, valleys unearthed, and waters polluted, the werewolf birthrate dwindled.
  They were now facing one birth a decade.
  The child's golden coat-deviating from the typical gray or white and shared only by their ancestors who were treated as gods-felt like a sign their prayers had been answered.
  A bloodline in atrophy,
  the werewolves were forced to embrace change.
  This radiant child at least temporarily made them forget about their troubles.
  Alas...
  As time passed, their hopes turned to disappointment.
  The golden wolf was not their salvation.
  For some reason, Lugh―that ray of golden sun―remained a child.
  Decades passed and still he did not grow.
  Forever young; immortal; cursed.
  He searched the village for his birth mother, but to no avail.
  He searched the village for someone who understood his plight, but to no avail.
  Over hundreds of years, he came to realize something.
  He was different. Very different.
  Neither male nor female.
  Neither strong nor weak.
  Ignorant of life and death, joy and fear.
(That thing's a spirit, born of nature. Might look like us werewolves, but don't let that fool you.)
  But the child himself needed not conjecture to know his own true nature.
  He was perfect, and therefore he was alone.
  To the Golden Wolf, the world was too small.
  That was why...
  Indeed, that was the very reason...
  He wanted to know what life was.
  He wanted to know loss.
  If he was all-powerful, he wanted to know the mystery behind his all-powerfulness.
  Because as it was,
  his existence was meaningless.
  The Golden Wolf was at a loss,
  as were the werewolves around him.
  They revered him, but at the same time wanted nothing to do with him.
  Lugh moved back to the cave he was discovered in, and resigned himself to a life of seclusion.
"Lugh? Like the sun god Lugh? I thought it was short for 'loup-garou'!
  Ha! That's one heck of a coincidence!"
  And then one day, a quirky mage visited the village.
"...You're too loud, Miss Touko. Why do you have to be so dramatic all the time?"
  From his place on top of the rubble, Beo peered into the hallway.
  He thought his fussy master was busy dealing with Misaki City's leylines, but she was engrossed in making traps.
  One month passed since they made the dilapidated building their makeshift workshop.
  Creating a new trap for intruders became a daily pursuit of Touko's.
"You worry about your safety, but what about the other creatures?"
  Having been like this since birth, knowing neither infancy nor dotage, he thought differently than others.
  For he was perfect from the day he was born.
  Never declining; never improving.
  As such, he had no comprehension of weakness.
  Child-like, fickle, and without morals, he had no concept of good and bad as either a human or a wolf.
  A beautiful creature disconnected from the world around him, he was on top of all other creatures.
  With one exception: his master, Touko Aozaki.
  She showed him a sparkling, delicious world, and above all he found her scent refreshing.
  To him, the world was divided into what was cool and what was not.
  Your preference in leisure pursuits were of no consequence to him, and he never took gender into account.
  The only thing that mattered to him was whether a person's life was logical, and therefore "cool."
  Touko Aozaki had her faults, but she smelled good.
"Finished your lunch, Beo?"
  Beo's master entered the classroom, presumably done with her traps for the day.
"It's showtime tonight. Just keep it together until then."
  Sometimes-like now-she would nag him, but on the whole his master pleased him.
  In reality, the contract binding her to him was not particularly powerful;
  if he wanted to, he could tear her to pieces at any time.
  No human could restrain him.
  However, he had no intention of killing Touko in exchange for his freedom.
  And there was a reason for this.
  In order to move about freely in human society, he needed someone like her.
  As long as she did not offend him, he had no reason to rock the boat.
  However...
"Finally, the main event! I was getting tired of waiting, Miss Touko."
  ...the promise she had made him in his cave and the reality of their situation had begun to come apart at the seams.
"Come here. I'll let you fight the most powerful Mystic there is."
  He was compliant up to now, but his patience was wearing thin-the fight with the newest Magician last night was an enormous letdown.
"Oh hush. I was just as disappointed as you were."
"...I'm not that bummed. But why won't the girl use it? Because she can't?"
  His master's expression turned serious.
  Not in agreement at the wolf's question, though.
  For she had already asked herself the same and many other similar questions.
"...No. Because she'd be better off dying than to use it, I suppose."
"That doesn't make any sense! She almost died because she didn't use it."
"Which proves my point..."
  "That it must be too terrifying to use," Touko finished in her head.
  She stopped short of voicing it, and chuckled at her emotional outburst.
"Sure, I can't even imagine what it must be.
  Still, this changes nothing. Whatever sort of miraculous Mystic her Magic is,  as long as she remains a mage, she can't win."
  With those words, Beo's master walked out of the room,
  emphasizing that his role in all this was to face Aoko *only* at that very moment.
"True Magic, huh...?"
  The bored look in his eyes shifted.
  He recalled the taste of that girl, his long tongue sliding over his chainsaw-like fangs.
  Make no mistake, he would finish his meal.
  He was the oldest werewolf; the golden god of the forest.
  For as long as he could remember-no, from the moment he appeared, he had been the most powerful creature of all.
  All manmade Mystics were trash before him.
  Magecraft was laughable, and even Mystics―artificial miracles―were futile. Their very existence was an insult to him.
"After all, that was the deal. When the time comes, I dig right in."
  That was the extent of their pact.
  Once he had dealt with this so-called True Magic, he was free.
  His eyes burned with the wolf inside of him,
  his fanged maw twisting into a sadistic, beastly grin.
  It was just past 7:00 p.m.
  Misaki High School's old building stood silently.
  While light from the city reached the area, the forest and mountains kept the area hushed.
  Nothing unusual.
  During winter vacation, the old building-now still covered in yesterday's snow-was rarely used.
  Without signs of life, such unused structures were mere monuments of what once was, nothing more.
  The old school building would remain that way until the start of the new semester.
  Behind it, the vast forest grew darker by the minute.
  If the building had died in just under two weeks of vacation, what had become of forest over the years?
  The wall of overgrown trees filtered out the noise of the city, and most of the moonlight.
  An otherworldly realm had taken root, not even two miles away from town.
  Piercing the cold night air, footsteps crunched through the powdery snow.
"No traps this way.
  So... what's the plan? Sneak into the old school building?"
"Yeah, right. She already knows we're here.
Why hide? And what would we do once we were in her hideout? We're not here to steal anything."
"What about the element of surprise?"
"If we could do that, it'd make our job easier, but playing ninja isn't really my thing... nor yours, for that matter.
  And anyway..."
"...Anyway,
  ...we're not the only ones out for blood tonight."
  The sound of their footsteps stopped in unison.
  The old forgotten Misaki High School building stood before them.
  What used to be the school yard was now a barren snowscape.
  Reclaimed by the forest, the building looked a shell of its former self.
  The surrounding trees resembled standing mourners at a funeral.
"Talk about impatient. There's still four hours until the time limit."
  Alone in the middle of the white altar was the lone, Scarred Red mage.
  As she came out from the forest, Aoko lowered herself slightly, scowling at her distant target.
  Next to her, Alice stood motionless.
  The bare branches of the trees cast long, thorny shadows.
  Aoko was reminded of Sleeping Beauty, except this mage wasn't nearly as pleasant as the princess in that.
  Not to mention she wasn't sleeping... and there was no prince.
  Regardless, this princess came out of her schoolhouse castle to greet her challengers.
"Pushing yourself in that condition?
  You do make your big sister worry, Aoko."
  Touko grinned faintly.
  Aoko fought back the urge to respond.
  Meanwhile, Alice stood in silence, uninterested in sibling rivalry.
  Touko stood about a hundred feet away.
  With their senses sharpened through magecraft and the silence of the forest, they could hear each other perfectly.
  The golden wolf was nowhere to be seen.
  Touko faced the two girls alone.
  Alice's black overcoat and winter hat were typical items of clothing for a mage battle.
  A few paces in front of her was Aoko, whose combat garb was comparatively out of place: a Misaki High School uniform.
  She had asked Alice to bring a change of clothes for her, but there must have been some misunderstanding...
  Though it was a trivial miscommunication, Touko seemed to think it had some special meaning.
"Before we start, mind if I ask something?
  I can't help but be curious-and this is probably my last chance to ask-but is that seriously what you're going to fight in, Aoko?"
  Touko spoke clearly, and despite the distance
  was able to communicate her deep-seated scorn without trouble.
"..."
  Aoko would rather attack than engage in small talk, but she decided to take the bait.
"Don't lie. You've had plenty of chances to ask me. Four times, including today.
  ...Well, this is my 'job' right now, so I think it's fitting. Besides, my fashion's ahead of the times."
  Aoko was sure to emphasize her words.
  For a split second, Touko's eyes narrowed.
"...Figures. Same bad taste, as always."
"Thanks. It's actually a relief hearing that from a creepy puppet-maker."
  With that, the two fell silent and glared at each other.
  Their bloodlust cut through the thick, cold air like a knife.
"..."
  While the two of them sized each other up, Alice surveyed the area around Touko.
  There was no indication anyone or anything was lying in wait near her.
  Perhaps she should see if the werewolf was still in the old school building.
  Maybe Touko didn't feel like Aoko and Alice were much of a threat in their injured state.
Or was she really not expecting a counterattack so early, so the werewolf wasn't ready?
  After some contemplation, Alice surmised it was the former.
  She really was going to fight alone.
  Her arsenal comprised her Mystic Eyes and rune magecraft.
  That was more than enough to deal with Aoko and Alice in their current state.
(...Alice, all I need is one shot.)
  Aoko signaled to Alice behind her with the movement of her finger.
  Alice had no objections.
  The original plan was for her to keep the werewolf busy.
  With the mirror as a backup, Aoko was hoping to catch Touko off-guard.
  They had a few other cards up their sleeves, but the fact remained that as mages their attacks wouldn't affect the werewolf.
  So they decided to ignore it, and focus on taking out Touko.
  Not the best strategy, but it was all the two of them could come up with.
  ...But they had been thrown a curveball.
  Touko had the upper hand, so she was reluctant to use the beast.
  Aoko wasn't about to let this opportunity go to waste.
  By distracting her with sibling banter, she would settle things before the werewolf even showed up.
"My turn to ask a question.
  How're the fields working out?"
"Oh please. It's barely been a day. I haven't touched them yet. Can't rush these things.
Besides, I want what's inside the leylines, not the Bounded Fields. I have no plans to reset them.
  Tearing into you is probably way faster than tearing into the land anyway."
"Hmph. I knew it.
  All the more reason I can't let you become a Magician."
  Aoko's blue eyes burned brightly with a fiery fighting spirit.
  Even though her sister was ready to pounce, Touko remained motionless but for her mouth, which twisted into a smirk.
"A Magician, huh? Got to admit, I like the sound of that.
  The Magic Crests that weren't implanted in me, and the True Magic of the Aozaki family...
But it's fine. I do want them, but I can get them on my own.
  Oh, wait... Did you come here to show me your Magic, Aoko?"
  Touko's words came out flatly, but her eyes mocked her sister.
  It was true, however, that if Aoko wanted to defeat Touko, her best chance would be to use this mysterious True Magic.
  The only problem was that she couldn't.
  If she could, she would have used it to avoid being mauled last night.
  Aoko Aozaki couldn't use True Magic.
  Touko believed she needed to fulfill some kind of condition.
  The protection their grandfather placed on the formulae was to prohibit miracles from being easily realized.
  However, that wasn't because he was concerned about the human world.
  It was no exaggeration to say he'd feel nothing if Magic leveled the entire city.
  The truth was, *True Magic never had any conditions.*
  Aoko was being held back by trauma.
  These five privileges, the only powers of their kind, were bound by cognitive seals.
  That's why Touko looked down on her naive little sister.
  So weak. A body incapable of handling Magic could be cut down with a mere sword.
  Aoko knew that better than anyone else, which is why she couldn't forgive her sister's ridicule.
  Just try using True Magic, huh?
  A pathetic taunt.
  If that was how she wanted to play, then so be it...
"Have it your way!"
  With a burst of pure rage, Aoko made her move.
  Her colorless shoes sped across the untainted snowfield...
"..."
  ...like a stone skipping across the water.
  As Aoko charged forward, she disappeared.
  Only her footprints advanced, like bullet holes in the snow.
  Touko held her ground.
  Concealment was elementary magecraft.
  More than likely, the power came from one of Alice's trinkets.
  It was a simple yet effective countermeasure to Mystic Eyes.
  Touko's Mystic Eyes used the Lock property to bind an opponent; it did not have the Logos property to discern truth through an illusion.
  Once a magecraft's workings were revealed, its weakness was exposed.
(Still the same sloppy footwork.)
  In a mere four seconds, her opponent had closed ten yards and was still speeding up.
  It appeared that she had given up on a mage battle, and was going to move in for melee.
  The other girl, Alice Kuonji, didn't take a single step.
(A suicide charge, open to friendly fire from the rear... Even with Alice's protection, this is dumb. You'll regret this, Aoko.
Your trump card has to come from your own deck.)
  Sneering, Touko raised her left arm,
  holding it out in front of her threateningly.
  Ten more yards.
  Unfortunately, her footprints gave away her position.
"Sow-"
  Touko began engraving a rune into the air.
  But before she could finish, Aoko's footprints stopped.
  She was still too far away for close combat.
  What a strange place to end her attack...
  No, wait. Could she really stop so suddenly at that speed...?
(She jumped...!)
  Touko made a snap decision.
  She quickly raised her outstretched arm toward the sky as if saluting the moon.
"Sowilo!"
  Flames tore through the air.
  The rune carved into the body above her, bathing it in a pillar of flames.
  No internal resistance spell could help.
  Rather than simply burning their target, the runes wrapped them in a wreath of flame.
  The assailant screamed, falling onto the snow-covered ground.
  In agony, she extended a burning hand out from the hellish fire, as if begging for mercy. It was the stuff of nightmares.
  The snow melted as the fire burned the attacker alive.
  Chirp chirp.
  The movement was far too theatrical to be Aoko.
"..."
  Touko had already turned her gaze to Alice.
  She hadn't been watching the burning corpse at all.
  Touko knew it wasn't Aoko from the moment the body fell to the ground.
(Tch... Another dumb Meinster familiar!)
  Irritated, Touko glared at Alice.
  While Aoko had vanished into thin air,
  she hadn't moved at all.
  Blue energy traced a circle around where she stood.
  It was Force to Fourth, a four-bar grand magecraft, mobilizing her Magic Crest.
  Touko only had single-action runes-
  no, she hadn't mastered anything above two bars to begin with. This torrent of energy was too much to handle!
"Eihwaz!"
  The rune formed in the magic circle.
  Eihwaz, the rune of withdrawal, was evoked and Aoko's concealment was undone, allowing Touko to utilize her Mystic Eyes.
  Within her opened pupil, the infinitely mirrored eyes captured their target in an endless hell!
"Ngh...?!"
  But the mage's sight was literally split in two.
  The space in front of Aoko distorted,
  obscuring her form like an icy mist.
  If Touko's eye was like opposing mirrors, then this was like sticking a one-way mirror at the triangulation point.
  With her vision split in two, she couldn't lock on to Aoko!
"The Mirror of Slumber, Touko.
Aoko's deep in the fork in the road the mirror creates. From where you are, you'll never be able to see her."
"...!"
  Alice explained without concern.
  Due to the herb Touko made Alice swallow, she was still unable to use her own magecraft.
  However, she could use Ploys already in motion without using magical energy...such as the mansion's mirror and the aimless little blue bird.
  Finally, the magic bullet was loaded.
"Set route. Direct current."
  Raising her right arm to reveal her luminescent crests, Aoko took aim at her target a hundred feet ahead.
  Magical energy coursed through her gun barrel arm.
  From the moment she had received Alice's invisibility, Aoko had begun chanting her magecraft.
  It took Touko a few seconds to notice.
  Aoko produced more spins in the awakened Magic Circuits than she had ever done before.
  She readied not Snap, nor Draw. Instead, she advanced past her third process, a compression of magical energy: Magic Blow.
  If she fired the blue Ether that gathered before her, it would fly with the force of ten tons.
  Using her Magic Crests to multiply the energy and machine-gun her target, it was enough power to demolish even the old building behind her!
"Toukooo!!!"
  Aoko stared intensely at her sister, ready to fire.
  Touko had no time to counterattack, or even the speed to evade.
  The fact she didn't move implied she knew that better than anyone.
  Acceptance filled her eyes, not fear.
  Aoko didn't hesitate. She squeezed the trigger on her right hand.
"<Magic bullet configuration, convergent launch|Tour Plan, Starmine>... Circuit, FIRE!!!"
  The last word came out like a scream.
  Under the impact of the Ether, the surrounding snow melted and flew around.
  Touko was engulfed in dirt.
  No way she could survive Aoko's magic bullet; it contained every bit of Aoko's magical energy she could muster.
  Viewing the chaos, Aoko confirmed her victory.
  ...And yet, somehow she felt bitter.
  But then...
  Choosing to deal with the torrent of magical energy she swallowed up later, Touko tutted at Aoko's childishness.
  Her disappointment was so deep it bordered on despair.
"It's a little too late now, but listen up anyway, Aoko.
  Never play your trump card first. You'll lose."
  Her voice cold and aloof, she was completely unscathed.
  The mage stood in the snow field, not a single speck of dirt on her overcoat.
  Just before the bullet reached Touko, she deflected it with magical energy of the same level.
"..."
  Aoko could only stare at the scene before her.
  The negation of her magecraft hadn't shocked her, though.
  Leaf-like objects floated behind her sister; Aoko stared like she was living a nightmare.
  Countless Magic Crests poured out from Touko's back.
  ...It all happened in an instant.
  The magic bullet approaching like a tsunami. Touko lightly snapped her fingers,
  causing a stream of letters to rush out from behind her.
  Text became art; golden flowers bloomed.
  There must have been hundreds...
  All sorts of magecraft from even beyond Western Europe.
  The kind normally carved into the flesh of a mage;
  the kind Touko Aozaki shouldn't possess;
  the kind only followers of those schools should know...
  Blossoming Magic Crests, brighter than the moon.
  Inscribed in the air, they formed a totem pole, a guardian beast, to protect Touko.
  To put it simply...
  Magecraft is human wisdom; it is the world as we know it.
  Magic is the singularity that exists beyond either of those.
  ...At the beginning, the First changed all.
  ...Next, the Second recognized many.
  ...In answer, the Third showed the future.
  ...Tethered, The Fourth concealed itself.
  And the final Fifth had long since lost its significance.
  Someone once said, "Had it only ended at the Third..."
  Magecraft is the study of history;
  feats of our making, and life orbiting the planet.
  But True Magic is the providence of a god beyond the heavens.
  Why do those who stand on the earth extol the virtues of miracles beyond humankind and the planet?
  This was an undeniable sin.
  Magic was the enemy of humanity.
  That is why...
  Those who obtain a new Magic are killed by the red shadow.
"Hear me, prime species of all Creation."
  Aoko's voice resonated through and high above the winter skies.
  The air began to fracture,
  turning the scenery to broken glass.
"..."
  Touko wondered whether she should fight or flee.
  She decided to try and keep her feelings in check and see this through.
  But the object of her obsession for so many years was right in front of her. Rationality was slipping from her grasp.
  Both of their fates were now uncertain.
  Touko had an overwhelming advantage when it came to her crests and the terrain.
  When it came to True Magic, however...
  If the Aozaki Magic was anything like Alice Kuonji's fairy-tale monsters, then mage strength was not a part of the equation.
  At this point, it was Touko against Magic itself.
  And there was no winning against Truth.
  The transcendence and idiosyncrasy of True Magic rendered things like magecraft irrelevant.
"...But can you...?"
  Touko stared at her sister, wondering if she could actually use it.
  Her proclamation lacked conviction.
  She had raised her voice, but that was out of discipline; it had not been the arrogant conviction to sacrifice someone else for her own gain.
  Having not been chosen to inherit it, Touko could not imagine what the Magic in her sister was...
  ...only that it was a force violent enough to change the world.
  No human mind could withstand the audacity required to make an enemy of the world itself.
  Especially not someone as indecisive as her sister. The power of Magic would surely cripple her!
"...Well..."
  Feeling Touko's eyes on her, Aoko doubted herself.
  She could not help but hesitate.
  Terror gripped her heart tighter.
"I have to."
  She could not run away forever.
  Her hesitation and terror meant she would never forgive herself for stopping now.
  Closing her eyes, she pushed herself into the final stage.
  Time stopped, like a light being switched off.
  She submerged herself in her own darkness.
  Everything froze; only she moved.
  Everything around her disappeared, as she passed a limitless stream of stars.
  And as soon as she did...
  She wanted to disappear into the empty, thoughtlessness place she arrived in without any answers.
                              ...Not again.
  The red shadow will surely come this time.
  Suddenly,
          I saw a new memory.
  Possibly because I used another to make the trade for _____.
  I heard a familiar yet new sound...
                                    
I wish for nothing.
                                      I seek nothing.
  Only to fuse with the consciousness
                          that hurtles backward in time to zero.
  This sound...
  The bitter, sad meaninglessness pulls me by my  hair,
                      but I have to resist.
  The red ghost was always going to be my biggest hurdle.
                                
I must forget the value of life.
                            I must forget the dignity of death.
  The sound persists.
  It's got nothing to do with this journey.
                            It's just an external distraction.
  And yet, I think I finally understand.
                                I know what noise has been making me so uneasy.
"What... the..."
  The unsettling whispers were directed at me.
  Or perhaps, the red shadow was perplexed
  by the quiet soul listening to it.
  It glares at me, its eyes full of hatred. How could I be so unprepared?
  Don't tell me.
  You can't be serious.
  You're going to turn me into your prey for *that*?!
                                
That is your everything.
                                You have nothing else.
  The effect of rewinding... The decision to never say never...
  His prime... His meaningless life...
  She negated it.
  She used her superior power to negate that sound which was an absolute rule to him.
  Just brushed it aside, like it was a cobweb.
  The sound disappeared; a new one replaced it.
                  /I wish for nothing.
 I want nothing.
  A pure, obedient heart.
                /That's why...
 ...you get nothing.
  A life of falsehood, led by affirmation.
"...This is ridiculous."
  My legs move toward the future. But they stop.
  Change of plans: I'm taking a different path.
  Nothing's changed. It's just something has made me real mad. How can I put it...?
"You call this the past, you idiot?!"
  If I don't complain about something to someone, I'll explode!
  Even if it's just to the voice, or to he who hears it,
  or to the part of me who just stays quiet and watches,
  or to the one who did that to him.
  With no answer, I open my eyes.
"I declare."
  Aoko released everything she had dragged up.
  As for what was there, or what she saw, she could not remember.
  All she held on to was the fury that burned in her heart.
  Pushed on by something-she did not know what-she opened the door to Magic.
  The change was extraordinary.
  Beneath her, the snow vanished, replaced by a small patch of lush, green grass.
  This ground had never existed under the frozen blanket; it had been rewritten into a new landscape.
  The very elements rejected her, as if the world itself was fighting back.
"Ngh..."
  The electrical discharge lashed at her body.
  This miracle threatened to destroy the world;
  the world had to protect itself. It moved to expunge her.
"...!"
  Pain scorched her every cell, trying to tear away her consciousness.
  But she did not falter.
  All this pain and this loneliness was to take her to the Root.
  Ever since inheriting True Magic, she had suffered this torture time and time again.
"..."
  She contended against the voiceless protest of the cosmos.
  The burden engulfed her retinas and nerves in flames.
  And then...
  ...light.
  She finally understood.
  She remembers why she came back, and what she wanted to scream―
"By the name Blue, I speak for order. Hear me."
  A censuring voice told her to stop.
  At the edges of oblivion, her hand touched the true form of Magic.
  The snarling red shadow was there, telling her it was no use.
  So much doubt, so much fear.
  But such things mean nothing to her... to me.
  I don't care about a Magician's obligations or the destruction of mankind.
  I'm sick and tired of hearing about it.
  I only have one reason for doing *anything* right now.
I just... God, I can't believe I'm saying this out loud...
  I just want to save him!!!
"All is not sane, yet all shall be right."
  A blue whirlwind whisked up around her.
  Casting aside her doubt and sorrow, the Magician played her trick upon the world.
  Time flowed backward.
  Childhood memories were overwritten.
  White flowers appeared, as far as the eye could see.
  Brighter than snow, they rippled like a wave across the world, devouring it.
"Five timeless words: Order has fallen to ruin."
  What was declared had come to be.
  In this time and place alone, the Fifth Magic made itself known.
  In the blink of an eye, the snowy clearing had transformed.
  A sea of fully-bloomed white flowers blanketed the grounds.
  Only the dilapidated school building and the bare winter trees signified this was the original world.
  The once-cold wind now blew with a pleasant warmth across the landscape.
  Even the night sky was once again teeming with stars.
  If one reached out, one could almost touch them.
  It was a mix of comfort and solitude, quiet enough to carry the sound of insects flying through the air.
  A scene far removed from the impurity and grief of humans.
  A world with nothing, yet one that needed nothing.
  It was... his most precious memory.
  The winter tundra had changed into a spring meadow.
  Aoko's so-called True Magic confused Touko.
  Sure it was pleasing to the eye, but she wanted to see something less idyllic.
  Aoko's spell was clearly no small feat, but the surrounding mana had not changed.
  Better to be confused, though, than deal with something like Alice Kuonji's Flat Snark.
  The only changes seemed to be the flower field, and...
  Aoko's appearance.
  She seemed to have received some enhancement to her physical form, but it would never be enough to match Touko.
"...Okay, so I know this is Magic,"
  Touko said with a hint of annoyance,
"but I'll be honest, this is a letdown.
  There has to be more, surely. This can't be it."
  Aoko began walking through the sea of flowers.
  But she was not heading toward Touko.
"This is it. For me, and for you."
  Aoko's words sent a wave of unease through Touko.
  Her sister's voice seemed different, somehow.
  It was mostly the same in pitch, so it had to be the tone.
  No, that was the same, too.
  Something was off. Could it be...?
"...!"
  It was then Touko noticed something else that had changed-
  not just Aoko and the clearing.
  The severed body lying at Aoko's feet: it was now whole.
  Corpse reanimation? Wound healing?
  It did not look like Aoko had used a significant formula; and besides, regenerating a body did not bring it back to life.
  Since the dawn of time, even True Magic has never been able to bring back the dead.
  But the body of the boy behind Aoko was moving! It was breathing, like it was taking a nap!
(Can the Aozaki Magic resurrect the dead...?
  No way. This isn't resurrection, it's...)
  Before she could think of an answer, Touko realized what had seemed out of place to her before.
  Aoko's mannerisms appeared beyond her years.
  Her appearance had changed ever-so slightly, but beyond there had been a change from within.
  By the time Touko arrived at that seemingly impossible conclusion, Aoko had closed the distance between them.
"...<Circuit, connected.|Turbine, set.>"
  Aoko raised her left hand to eye level.
  Touko could see-no, hear the magical energy generating inside Aoko.
  It was sound Touko had never heard before.
  Aoko only possessed single function, low-grade circuits no better than any other third-rate mage, so she generated magical energy at a much lower rate than Touko.
  However, this speed was absurdly quick.
  Moving even faster than the blood pumping through her body.
  Magecraft could vibrate, but how in the hell were the activated Magic Circuits audible? Even the Association had never heard of such a thing!
"Onward, to victory."
  Spurred to action by the sudden dread she felt, Touko hurriedly carved runes into the air.
  Touko summoned the divine protection of victory, Tyr, to surround herself with a barrier, which was further enhanced by her crests.
  Paying it no mind, Aoko held her arm steady, not moving it up to strike her target directly.
"...Bullets, deploy."
  Aoko commanded herself succinctly.
"???!!!"
  This was beyond magecraft.
  In just a few words, she had fired twenty magic bullets.
  Like a meteor shower, the bullets smashed through the rocket-proof rune barrier, as well as Touko's spell-woven coat.
"You shot them without loading?!"
  The protective runes lining her coat screamed.
  They would not be able to take another barrage like that.
  And she had already taken internal injuries.
  She loathed to admit it, but Aoko vastly outclassed Touko in terms of raw power.
  Even harder to admit was that her sister probably had not even brought out the big guns yet.
"Ansuz, Sowilo, Ingwaz!"
  Jumping backward, Touko drew more runic symbols in the air.
  In response, her crests burned brightly.
  But...
"...Too slow!"
  With a single word, Aoko nullified the runes,
  dissolving them before they could be given meaning.
  The power of Aoko's words had surpassed the magical energy of Touko's rune magecraft.
  With the runes nullified, Aoko continued advancing through the white flowers.
  From her calmness to the robust spinning of her Magic Circuits and her breathing, she was different.
  A woman with sublime self-control, a trait only found in mages with a lifetime of combat experience.
"Y-You traveled in time!"
  Given the evidence, that was the only explanation for the Aozaki Magic.
  Aoko's Magic Circuits had not been amplified.
  That would have been impossible anyway. Like Touko, she would have to externalize them, which would just increase the scope of her magical energy and techniques.
By nature, the quality of a mage's Magic Circuits did not change.
  But Aoko was now clearly a superior mage to Touko.
  So there was only one logical conclusion.
  In an instant, she had grown from an amateur to a veteran.
  She fast-forwarded her own time.
"...!"
  The Scarred Red mage turned her back on her sister and ran.
  She knew she could not win, so she fled toward the old school building.
  Aoko did not fire.
  Not out of pity, but because she deduced that an attack at this range was risky.
  She went to chase after her sister, but stopped suddenly.
  ...A few words caught in her throat.
  She took a small breath.
"Watch him, Alice."
  She said, slightly embarrassed by the maturity of her voice.
  White petals flitted through the air.
  Without looking back, she made after Touko, her long hair flowing behind her.
"...Huh?"
  His eyelids snapped open.
  At last, Soujyuro awoke from his long slumber.
  Lying on his back, he gazed up at the stars.
  The trees around him created a porthole into space.
  Despite seeing all this for the first time,
  he felt an uncomfortable sense of déjà vu.
"..."
  So many questions.
  What happened before he fell asleep?
  Why had he been sleeping?
  Everything was just so hazy.
  It was like he had walked out the door one minute, and woken up in bed the next.
  With so many thoughts clouding his mind, he could barely recall his own name.
  All he could remember...
  ...was a girl he'd never seen before,
  and something thin around his neck.
"Sizuki."
  The voice-quiet but clear-belonged to the girl named Alice Kuonji, who was at his side.
"Oh yeah..."
  He sat up, mumbling incoherently.
  The black-clad girl knelt next to him.
"...Flowers,"
  he said, paying no mind to Alice.
  Under the blue moonlight, spring flowers swayed, surrounded by dead trees and snow.
  Against the curtain of night, white petals danced in the breeze like butterflies.
  Staring long and hard at the spectacle, Soujyuro suddenly raised his fingers to his neck.
  He moved carefully, like he was touching a wound.
  Then, gradually, he began squeezing. Harder. Harder.
"...Sizuki."
  The voice of the girl beside him brought him back to reality.
"Leaving so soon? You just came back."
  She sounded both sad and reproachful,
  but Soujyuro did not understand why.
  Seeing the uncharacteristic concern in her eyes snapped him to his senses.
"Leaving? Where would I go?"
  His fingers fell away from his neck.
  Without answering, she blankly looked to the sky.
  Though there was only the infinite darkness of space.
"...Well, whatever. What was I doing again?
  My head feels strange, like it's full of cobwebs."
  Soujyuro tilted his head in confusion. Alice observed him motionlessly.
  This bewildered boy was a far cry from the one that made short work of a werewolf. Then again, this was Soujyuro.
  As she stared at him, she realized she did not have an answer he could understand.
  So she tried asking a question.
  The same question she had asked him repeatedly as he slept but eventually gave up expecting a response to.
"...Tell me. Do you remember what you were doing, Sizuki?"
  Her quiet question was spoken like an enthralling spell of magecraft.
  Said spell seemed to work, and Soujyuro sank into a sea of memories.
  Atop the bright, white hill, they quietly sat for a while, like siblings.
"...I remember hearing someone's voice.
I think they were asking me something. But I couldn't respond at all."
  Though consumed by the darkness of death, he could still vaguely recall the girl's question.
  He was not aware that he had died, but it seemed a fragment of time remained from when he had been with her.
  Soujyuro's expression darkened, filled with regret.
  Looking at his profile, Alice pressed him further.
"And did you find what you were looking for?"
  Remembering that someone had asked him questions, he gave a slight nod.
"...Yeah. I did.
But, I honestly didn't think I would, Alice.
  This whole time. I didn't think I would."
  The regret in his voice was accompanied by a hint of strength.
  Lowering his gaze, Soujyuro saw a white flower garden that looked like something from the afterlife.
  It shone brightly, captivating him.
"I remember now. I think I... got cut in half... in front of Aoko.
  But then why am I alive?"
  Soujyuro said, prodding his body curiously.
  His arms were their old selves again, but what of Aoko?
  He turning toward Alice for an answer, who was sat among the flowers looking sullen.
"You were rewound, Sizuki.
  This place is from your memories. Don't you remember?"
  Alice seemed to be speaking in riddles.
"My memories? That's weird. I... I'm drawing a blank."
"Right now, your time is being used by Aoko. Until that time is returned, you won't be able to remember."
  She answered ominously, as she cast her gaze over the flower garden.
"A shame all this won't stay.
  Once your time's returned, I'll be the only one who remembers."
  Looking at the white blossoms, she smiled momentarily.
"..."
  Her words only confused him further.
"You're not going to tell me, are you, Alice?"
  He said dejectedly, prompting Alice to face him.
  What emotions lay inside those deep eyes?
"It's pointless having me tell you, but do you want to hear anyway?"
"Yeah. If it's not too bothersome, Alice."
  Soujyuro nodded enthusiastically, while Alice took a deep breath and closed her eyes.
  When she spoke, she spoke in as caring a tone as she was capable of.
"...The long and short of it is, you died. Then you came back to life.
  After you were killed by Touko, Aoko rewound the five minutes before you opened your eyes.
  Meanwhile, she used roughly ten years of your time.
  Neither of you changed physically, so she must've borrowed time from you mentally.
  That's why right now, this beautiful scenery would only bring back memories for Aoko, in possession of your time.
  And..."
  And once the time exchange was over, neither Aoko nor Soujyuro would remember what happened during these moments.
  When Aoko used someone else to channel her True Magic, it did not affect her alone.
  If she had rewound time for only herself, the temporal inconsistencies would form part of her own experience; however, this was proper time travel.
  The inconsistencies would be corrected.
  When the Magic ended,
  both Aoko's memories of this place
  and Soujyuro's unfamiliarity with it
  would be corrected.
  This miracle would become unrealized.
  Only the observers would remember this brilliant white sea of flowers: Alice and Touko.
"She borrowed... my time...?"
  Soujyuro asked, his head tilting even farther at Alice's general explanation.
  She recalled how Aoko said that if you gave Soujyuro a roundabout answer he would stop asking questions, even if he did not comprehend it.
"There was no way to resurrect you, so instead Aoko attempted to circumvent your death completely.
  Perhaps because she was unable, or because she was hesitant,
  she avoided any large-scale manipulation, and settled for a smaller exchange between the two of you."
"That means you've effectively jumped through time by five minutes.
  Even if someone from the distant future was able to look through time, they couldn't find you in those five minutes, because you don't exist in regular time anymore."
"Simultaneously, Aoko borrowed your time to advance her own.
  More than likely, time from your childhood. From what I understand, individual time manipulation is easier when using forgotten memories... Sizuki?"
  "Should I slow down?" Alice asked with her eyes.
  All Soujyuro could do was nod.
"...So, Aoko used two miracles.
  She rewound your body, and fast-forwarded her own.
  When going into your time, she borrowed ten years of yours to bring her future self closer."
"Therefore, the one trying to kill Touko right now is actually an Aoko Aozaki with twenty seven years of experience."
  What on earth was Alice talking about?
  Soujyuro's expression gave away his thoughts. Though the part about Touko made him furrow his brow.
"Aoko's going to... kill Touko?"
"If she hasn't already, yes."
  As soon as Alice answered, Soujyuro sped off.
  Kicking up white petals behind him as he ran, the brave boy who defeated a werewolf was back.
  Alice watched him go.
  On a snowy night...
  ...the same boy ran down Shiroinuzuka hill for her, too.
  Soujyuro entered the old school building.
  Lights flashed and the sounds of destruction exploded around him, threatening to turn the area into a burial ground. Still, he remained focused.
"See, Aoko?
  Sorry, but I knew this would happen."
  Her words only reached the white flowers around her.
  Aoko knew Soujyuro too well, so she wanted Alice to stop him.
  If he tried to interfere in the battle against Touko, she could not protect him this time.
  But it was too late to celebrate Aoko's judgment now.
  The girl in black had no intention of going after him.
  She simply sat for a while, gazing forlornly at the transient flower garden.
  A storm of magic bullets struck down a hail of lightning blades.
  A mage's workshop was their home base, and last line of defense.
  It featured an abundance of defensive spells designed to cut down brazen challengers and thieves.
  The old school building was no exception, painstakingly rigged by the puppet master and rune mage, Touko Aozaki.
  A reflection of her bizarre obsessions, the workshop was set to indiscriminately destroy any intruders.
"Grrr! Stay still for one damn second, you freak!"
  Touko complained, as she ran down the hallway, activating her traps along the way.
  But nothing seemed to work.
  None of the runes-regardless of their quality or quantity-could slow her sister down.
  Her reaction speed and ability to predict attacks could only be described as transcendent.
  Even magic bullets she fired from both her arms were too much, destroying the runes and the very walls that housed them...!
"Is this all your newfound maturity has got you?!
  The ability to smash things like a child?!"
  As she spat out her words, the ceiling opened, increasing the pressure from the runes.
  Invisible walls popped up in the hallway.
  Aoko stopped and swung her right leg upward.
  Straight toward the celling.
Her foot cut through the thick air like a knife through butter, shattering the ceiling and the runes along with it.
"You're one to talk! Always going overboard!
  Don't you ever get fed up of creating runes?! You're not trying to build a space fortress!
  This building holds precious memories for people! So show some damn respect!"
  The wooden boards along the hallway
  that had withstood decades of wind and snow were now destroyed. Aoko charged forward.
  The chaos was inevitable.
  While Touko's runes cursed living creatures, Aoko's magic bullets destroyed all without prejudice.
"Hah! You don't have an elegant bone in your body!
  To think YOU'RE my sister!"
  Touko would do anything to change her blood, but there were more pressing matters at hand.
  The girl rushing her now was not the sister she remembered, but rather a more complete version of her.
  Touko couldn't afford to let her guard down for a second.
  But...
"This is supposed to be Magic?! Don't make me laugh!"
  Localized time travel... Touko didn't believe that was the true nature of the Aozaki's Magic.
  Aoko's transformation had to be a mere byproduct of True Magic.
  She couldn't make heads or tails out of its depths even with Aoko having achieved it; at the very least, it was not so simple a miracle.
  After all, the concept of time travel was already made possible through the Second Magic.
  Record manipulation, revision of possibilities, and so forth involved the operation of parallel worlds.
  So, there was no way that could be the Fifth Magic.
"...Which brings me to my next question, Aoko!
  Where the hell did you get those ten years from?!"
"From that moron outside! Gotta problem?!
  I'm going to give his time back after, so don't you dare judge me!"
  That made sense.
  There was a bias, but the amount of time on this axis had not been changed.
  But...
"So what're you going to do with those five minutes?!
  Finish me then return him to his former state: is that your plan?!"
  Aoko stopped in her tracks.
  Touko had took aim at Aoko's glaring oversight:
  Aozaki Magic and Aoko's humanity were inconsistent.
"Yeah. You can't revive someone by manipulating time.
  All you've done is console yourself for a moment!"
  The Magic Crests on Touko's back began to demonstrate their true worth.
  Drawing upon the magical energy stored in the crests, she materialized her largest trap yet in the hallway.
"Or maybe you committed an even greater sin!"
  Three rune stones appeared.
  Their scale and level of magical energy were wildly different from the other runes.
  Created by Touko herself at the Mage's Association,
  they were replicas of one of the lost Primordial Runes created by a Nordic giant.
  The three thin, crystalline lenses amplified her carved runes tens of millions of times;
  they rendered projectiles like magic bullets ineffective.
  Even if Aoko's magical output far exceeded Touko's, these giant slabs were several times more powerful still.
  Aoko's signature magecraft could only release magical energy, so she had no way to defend or evade the attack!
"...<Affix subjective axis.|Main, set.>"
  Pushing herself on, Aoko took a deep breath of resolve.
  Instead of defending or dodging, she went low and charged into the rune storm.
"Y-You don't even exist within this time axis, do you?!"
  Infuriated by the realization, Touko set her Magic Crests to full-power.
  Through repeated, second-long bursts of time travel, Aoko was able to avoid the runes completely.
  She was either sending the attack's impact to a different time,
  or layering several thousands of herself atop one another.
  Whatever. No way she could keep up that kind of magical energy output...!
"One down!"
  Aoko kicked the crystal slab to pieces.
  Two remained. Distance, thirty feet.
  Touko had ten seconds of magical energy left, but that was all she needed.
  Aoko, on the other hand, would stop now if she had any common sense as a mage.
  She couldn't continue breaking the rules for much longer.
  Then again, time travel itself was breaking the rules.
"Aoko...!"
  Once again, Aoko used the same technique.
  Touko's suspicion turned into white-hot hatred.
  She couldn't care less about her time travel formula;
  it was the amount of magical energy she had.
Where was she pulling the energy necessary to jump through time for so long...?
"Wait! I knew it...!"
  It was the death of Soujyuro Sizuki.
  If she had brought him back five minutes to when he was still alive, where would those five minutes go?
  Aoko's Magic wasn't using parallel worlds to change this one.
  She had only rewound Soujyuro's five minutes.
  Then, logically, he'd return to being a corpse as soon as the Magic ended.
  Time travel that didn't change the world couldn't change the past.
  Therefore...
  If she wanted to save him, she had to either truly resurrect him,
  or send those five minutes of reality somewhere far away without returning them!
"Two down!"
  Aoko showed no sign of slowing.
  From behind her crystal barrier, Touko glared at Aoko with disdain.
"Answer me, Aoko! What did you do with his time?!
  How're you going to balance all that heat?!"
"How the hell should I know?! I tossed his time somewhere into the distant future!"
"What...?!"
  Fifteen feet to go.
  Faced with such madness, Touko wanted to cover her eyes.
  She put the debt of the present in the distant future?
  A time paradox would've been more humane.
  Such an enormous, haphazard consumption of heat could not be allowed.
  After all, time travel alone required a massive amount of energy.
  Magical energy was required to bring things from somewhere else;
  at the same time, losing something that exists here consumed an incredible amount of energy.
  And what about the magical energy used for cooling?
  If either fell out of equilibrium, it would mean total chaos.
  The distortion caused by her Magic would come to affect this entire sector of space.
"How... How in the HELL can you be so dumb?!
  You're going to pile that debt onto the dead end that humanity will reach? You're going to lay it at the feet of the heat death of the universe?
  That's like hanging a world-ending meteor over the head of this planet!
  Or are you planning on crushing the Earth under your own weight?!"
"What...?!"
  That last comment made Aoko's eyes widen.
  Her every step exerted such force it broke the floorboards beneath her feet.
"I'll worry about that later! Next time I'll put the debt in the past! That better?!
  Then only the past will be crushed by the distortion!"
"That's your master plan?!
  Save the present by destroying the past?!
  That saves us, but what about the heat problem, and the burden on the rest of the universe?!"
  Exactly.
  Even if the universe were closed, or the present were still expanding,
  the absurd increase in heat consumption would become uncontrollable.
  That which waits for the end of infinite expansion,
  infinite consumption,
  and infinite growth is a future without hope.
  The nothingness before creation.
  Eventually the universe would burn up.
"Your-I mean, the Aozaki's Magic only makes that conclusion more certain! And that's on you!"
"Don't you think I know that already?!
  I'll figure it out! As long as I live, I'll figure something out!"
  Five feet to go.
  The rune blast, now carrying all of Touko's hatred, focused into a scorching hot laser beam.
  Her body being torn into by the intense heat, and her emotions raging, Aoko drove her foot into the ground...
"Oh, you'll take responsibility, will you?! How exactly?!"
"I said I'd figure it out, didn't I?! Starting now!"
"...
 You make me sick!"
  Touko's last defense was shattered.
  Close enough to connect, the two mages unleashed their magecraft.
  Red runes... Blue Ether...
  In a cascade of magic bullets, Touko Aozaki's crests were torn to pieces, and so was Touko herself.
  It was just as Alice said.
  By the time Soujyuro arrived, it was already over.
  The old school building's wooden boards had survived the elements for decades, but they were not ready for a mage duel.
  The entrance door hung off its hinges;
  the floorboards groaned;
  the stairs were ready to collapse underfoot.
  Touko's escape and Aoko's pursuit had left a trail of destruction leading all the way to the second floor.
  The chaos continued to the end of the hallway, by the stairs to the third floor.
  Touko sat in a heap with her back against the wall.
  Despite her injuries, she kept her eyes firmly on Aoko.
  She was bleeding internally and had multiple broken bones;
  she would not be moving any time soon.
  Possibly damaged by Aoko's flying kick, her Mystic Eyes had ruptured from within, closing them indefinitely.
  Despite her battered and broken body, she was still breathing steadily-a testament to her stubbornness.
  Before her stood Aoko, staring down at her, uninjured.
"Thought I could...make it to the roof."
  Touko was not trying to be facetious; she sounded genuinely disappointed.
  Aoko responded with a cold glare.
  Her azure eyes had not changed one bit.
  They were callous as ever, yet undeniably beautiful.
  From where she stood, Aoko held her hand out toward Touko,
  like a hunter about to put a wounded prey out of its misery.
  The victor was decided.
  The mage came to steal land and got a death sentence for her trouble.
"..."
  The silence was disquieting.
  Moonlight peered through the demolished ceiling, illuminating the two sisters with its stare.
  The utterly mad sibling squabble was over.
  Now the fireworks were finished,
  and the cold wind had returned to claim the old school building.
"Any last words?"
  Aoko's voice cut through the silence.
  Touko thought for a moment,
  before lightly patting her coat pocket. Nothing. She frowned.
"...
I thought I'd have one last smoke... but it looks like I burned through them all... while waiting for you.
 They're bad for me, anyway. Japanese cigarettes taste too good."
  Aoko gave a small nod.
"Not exactly the last words I was expecting."
"Wait, wait... Okay. Fine. Tough crowd. I'll give you what you want: the meaningless final cry of a loser."
  Touko's voice was laden with sarcasm, but not hostility or hatred.
  Perhaps...
  Perhaps her vendetta was not directed at Aoko herself, but rather a product of two sisters born into a mage family.
"I never thought the Aozaki Magic would be time travel. Some kinks obviously need ironing out... but that's not really for me to say.
What would I know anyway? Just... take it seriously, and you'll be fine.
  ...The fact you... took ten years to figure it out doesn't give me confidence, though. I expected more of Alice."
"Alice helped in her own way. She doesn't think I'll ever make a real mage, though.
  Can't say I disagree.
  That wolf would've made for an interesting match."
"Him...? No. He's useless now he's tasted defeat.
Before you wielded Magic, perhaps, but... he's lost himself now.
  Tell me something, Aoko.
  Your Magic...is it cause, or is it effect...?"
  Touko wanted to know if it came before, or came after.
  Did Aoko need Magic to get her where she needed to go?
  Or did she obtain Magic as a result of reaching that place?
"...Effect. I turned tail when I got to the door, so I never found out what that old man was thinking."
"Then it was the same process as the First Magic. Even more sinful... I heard the Second through the Fourth were created to reach that place.
If opposites attract... I guess similars repulse. Better hope the First doesn't bite back.
  But you reached the door, then? Which tells me Magic inheritance is similar to path inheritance. So, Ymir's Entrance was here all along."
"That's the Scandinavian name; I call it the Gate of Akasha.
  ...And what you were after the whole time, correct?"
  Touko used every ounce of strength she could find to nod.
"...And it was going to be mine, but I couldn't wait generations.
 That's where Grandfather and I parted ways.
From then on, I had better things to do than chase revenge.
  Well... It's over now. No use talking about it anymore.
  There's just one last thing to ask. What was it like touching the Root?"
  Touko spoke after taking a deep breath.
  Her last words showed no trace of hatred.
  Aoko remained silent, as she began raising her right hand up high.
  She recalled her grandfather's orders.
  The source of True Magic.
  Revealing one's knowledge or impressions of the Root was strictly forbidden.
  But this was her sister's dying wish; maybe it would be okay?
  The conversation would end the moment she brought her arm down.
  Then, this rotting shell of a building would become her sibling's tomb.
  What harm could it do? And it's not like she planned to follow her grandfather's rules anyway.
"...I have a confession to make."
  Aoko's voice carried through the blue hallway.
"To be honest, I don't remember anything."
  Aoko gave a blunt reply, and brought her arm down like a bolt of lightning.
  ...Or at least, she tried to.
  Her arm wouldn't listen to her; it wouldn't budge.
"What. Are you doing?"
  Cursing Alice, Aoko spat her question out with venom.
  Soujyuro materialized from behind, taking hold of her raised arm.
  Though unable to express it, Touko was shocked to see him too.
"Let. Go."
  Without looking at him, or even at her restrained hand, Aoko spoke sternly, her eyes forward.
  Come to think of it, at the amusement park he appeared out of nowhere to protect her from that puppet.
"Are you deaf? I won't say it again."
  She was not bluffing.
  If he interfered, even he would be given no mercy.
"I've decided to let you live."
  It would go against that promise, but he should know better.
  Even so, he maintained his grip on her arm.
"Do as you're..."
  As Aoko turned around,
  the word "told" caught in her throat.
  She immediately regretted looking at him.
  She saw herself in his expression.
  Mournful sadness...
  Judgmental anger...
  His conflicting emotions spoke to her of her own internal struggle.
  Voicelessly, quietly, without volition.
  Rustic, gray eyes, questioning a deep sin.
"If you've got something to say, then spit it out.
  Otherwise, get out of my face."
  Soujyuro gently released Aoko's arm, as she maintained her resolve.
  They locked eyes, neither friend nor foe.
  Their bitterness clashed without words.
  And then suddenly...
"Murder is wrong."
  Soujyuro stated in that matter-of-fact way of his with which Aoko had become all-too familiar.
"..."
  His words were empty-trite even.
  And yet, given her current state, they reached her.
  Although she would soon forget the fragments of Soujyuro's memories, they made her painfully aware of how he felt.
  Still, she could not agree with him.
  It would come back to bite her. If she let Touko go now, her sister would come for her again.
  She had already made two attempts on her life.
  Aoko did not have it in her to forgive her sister for what she had done.
  Above all―just as Touko said―if Aoko did not change she would be a novice forever.
  She had not even won her first mage battle yet.
  And she knew putting down a blood relative would require even more conviction.
"..."
  Nevertheless, his words echoed over and over in her heart.
  Murder is wrong.
  Such a childish phrase. But the earnestness with which he said it... It was enough to make her sick.
  Resisting, Aoko glowered at Soujyuro.
"So what? 
She just *killed* you, and you're going to protect her? 
You're going to let her go, so she can come back and kill you again once she's recovered?"
"No. I don't have it in me to be a saint."
  But he would probably still let her go.
  He did not think that Touko would change.
  He also did not care to rationalize her actions based on her life.
  He was simply thankful. Thankful that this person before him was still alive.
"You seem pretty damn saintly to me!"
  That was what had made Aoko so angry.
  His overwhelming innocence and self-righteousness enraged her, like the hall of mirrors was happening all over again.
  The only difference was now she knew why he was acting like this.
  It was because she had taken a part of him.
  He took a step forward, passing by her,
  saying words he knew he should not.
"If it's revenge we're talking about, it seems logical that the guy who was murdered should be the one to do it.
  I know I can't stop you.
So I may as well do it, Aozaki."
"..."
  It was difficult to discern who was the more pathetic in all of this.
  Touko, who had been staring at them the whole time, closed her other eye as if drifting off to sleep.
"I'm sorry, Miss Touko."
  Knowing her fate, Touko dropped her head as best she could as he walked toward her.
"You know... It's better if you're the one to do it.
  Things are... crazy right now; I can't imagine how much regret you'll feel after this all calms down.
  But you'll be out of purgatory. You can shake off... shake off your old self and move on.
  The only thing I regret is... it wasn't me who made you like this."
  She knew that Soujyuro could not understand. Her words hanging in the air, she closed her lips tightly...
  ...then weakly stuck out her slender neck.
  Soujyuro took another step forward.
"..."
  Before he could do anything, Aoko moved.
  Spinning in front of Soujyuro, she cut off her magical energy, and swung her hand as hard as she could.
  The sound of her slapping his face echoed through the hall, along with his staggering steps.
"...A-Ao-zaki...?"
"You coward."
  Tears of anger welling in her eyes, Aoko turned her back to Soujyuro,
  sulking, as though she would kill him as soon as she looked at him again.
"That's what you get for taking another person's memories. He must've gotten inside your head, Aoko."
"Yeah. I had no idea it sucked so much to have your own will influenced by someone else."
  That was about all Aoko could mutter in response.
  The corners of Touko's lips curled into a grin.
"What's so funny?"
"Nothing. It's just... I didn't think you were capable of normal human compassion.
  Being scared of taking on other people's burdens for ten whole years... You're not stupid, you're adorable."
"Now listen here―"
"Don't glare at me like that. I meant what I said.
  So what's going to happen to me? Are you going to let him kill me, or let me go?"
"It's not like I have a choice. Like you said, this is my reward,"
  Aoko said begrudgingly, shooting Soujyuro a sideways glance.
  He seemed to have recovered from the slap, and his usual, absentminded look had returned.
  He may have had no memories of his past, but his morals and values were too deep to be erased.
  Soujyuro was trying to violate those.
  It would eat away at him forever.
  And he would be doing it not for himself but for Aoko.
  Aoko understood this all too well now.
  The moment he said he would do it was the moment he lost.
  Not stopping him would be no different than watching him die.
  And she would lose something important inside her.
  Aoko did not want that to happen.
"Aozaki, don't tell me you're one of those people who has to enact revenge on their own terms."
  Aoko ignored Soujyuro, who seemed to have gotten the wrong idea.
  Instead, she directed her scowl at Touko, who still lay collapsed in front of her.
"...Fine. I'll let you live this time, Touko.
  But don't think you can just come and go as you please."
  Touko scowled at her little sister, standing smugly over her.
"If you're planning on handing me over to Grandfather, you may as well kill me now."
"Yeah, right. I don't want to see him, either. You're going to leave this place, though.
 I won't get in your way, or send word to the Association.
  I'll be reporting what happened to Ritsuka myself; this'll be our secret."
  Touko's brow creased further.
  There had to be a catch.
"Aoko. What are you scheming?"
"Nothing.
 Just thinking about which spell to use on you. But I won't use Gandr, no... You've tasted that one enough already.
  Yes, the curse I have in mind is a little stronger.
If you ever show your face around here again, you'll turn into a frog."
  Smiling as if they had just arranged to eat Chinese food tomorrow night, Aoko walked toward Touko.
"W-Wait...!
  Who taught you how to do something like that?!"
"My mentor was Alice, of course.  She always was an odd duck, wouldn't you agree?"
  The elder Aozaki sister's brow knitted so hard it could have produced a sweater.
  Perhaps this is why her sister would stay a novice forever.
"Soujyuro, get out of here.
  Unless you're a creepy pervert. Then go ahead and watch. I don't care."
  As she spoke, she began removing her sister's overcoat.
  The uncomfortable look in Touko's eyes compared to the strangely cheerful one in Aoko's caused Soujyuro to hesitate.
  Was it really okay to leave the two of them alone?
  Eventually, he nodded: this was just a weird game between sisters.
"Best not be a pervert."
  Muttering more to himself than anything, he ducked into an empty classroom.
"H-Hey...! What kind of dumbass formula is that?! 
Are we really related?!"
"Afraid so. You took all the artistic genes for yourself, without thinking about your poor little sister. If you want to blame anyone, blame yourself."
  Down the cold, dilapidated hallway, cries of sadness, joy, and anguish rang out.
  Outside, the fully bloomed, white flower petals floated one by one into the night.
  Standing among the ballet of petals, Alice gazed up at the sky.
  The blossoms gathered into a cloud, then slowly vanished, as though falling asleep.
  Soon, not a single flower would remain, and the clearing would return to a snowy tundra.
  The Magic had ended.
  In a matter of minutes, the past would return to its rightful place,
  along with it the time shared between the boy and the girl.
  The old school building was still.
  Alice embraced the silence and patiently waited.
  After a while, Soujyuro emerged from the building, and Alice released a puff of white breath.
  A small sigh of relief; it was over.
  Soujyuro approached, carrying Aoko,
  cradling her in his arms.
  Was she asleep? Her eyes were closed and she seemed peaceful.
  Her hair and limp body dangled like a silk drape; she looked just like Sleeping Beauty.
"So you decided to wait for us, Alice."
  He said, holding Aoko with little effort. Alice nodded.
"What happened to Touko?"
"Uh, to be honest, I don't really know, but she's gone.
  Aozaki said she placed a really strong curse on her so she wouldn't come back to Misaki for ten years.
  After that she stood and watched Touko run away until she was out of sight. Then she collapsed."
  Alice's response was brief, as if she was wondering if things were really so simple.
  She seemed more concerned about Touko than Aoko,
  which made Soujyuro concerned about Alice and Aoko's relationship more than anything.
"Okay, well anyway,
  what's going on with Aoko?"
  He asked nonchalantly as he looked at Aoko breathing deeply in her sleep.
"...It looks like the variables are still balancing out.
  Since her time diverged from our current time, she likely won't open her eyes until all the gears line up again."
  Soujyuro nodded in understanding, very clearly still not comprehending a word Alice had just said.
"It's a bit of an anti-climax.
  I can't tell if Aozaki or Miss Touko won."
"...Right. Mage battles aren't always cut and dry. It's not always just about who was more powerful.
  If Touko's objective was to discover the Aozakis' True Magic, then Aoko lost the moment she used it.
...Everything that happened after was merely the triumphant winner being accosted by the loser."
  Alice said, as she turned her sights to the forest.
  Even Soujyuro could tell that was Alice's way of saying, "Let's go home."
"Yeah. Let's go. At this rate, you'll both catch a cold.
  Oh, I almost forgot. When Aozaki cursed Miss Touko, she did something else..."
  Soujyuro trailed off, hoping Alice would tell him what it was, but a stony―and somewhat affected―gaze was her response.
"...Did you watch, Sizuki?"
"No. Aozaki told me to get out."
"...Good. Did she say what curse she placed on her?"
"Umm... something about turning her into a frog."
  Soujyuro's explanation made Alice's expression darken.
  Aoko was still a long way from learning any sort of polymorph spells.
"That's..."
  Her thoughts prevented her from finishing the sentence.
  In actuality, it was perfectly within Aoko's abilities considering where she was in time at that moment.
  As Aoko had said: Touko would not be able to dispel the curse for ten years.
  And the Aoko of this time had not the ability to use such a curse.
  Which meant Touko did not have anyone to rebound the curse to.
  No matter how much she researched dispelling powerful curses, she could not do it with the Aoko of this timeline.
"Aoko only cut Touko a little bit. It's nothing for you to worry about.
  I expected her to do something much worse."
  After her slightly unsettling remark, Alice quietly began to walk.
  Soujyuro followed her, Aoko in his arms.
  Together, they left the clearing and moved into the forest.
  As they did, Soujyuro abruptly froze.
"...Sizuki?" 
  He looked back toward the old school building's field with a strange expression.
  Was it homesickness he felt?
  Though this was only his second time seeing it, he had a nostalgic feeling... like he would never be back.
  He looked like a child saying goodbye to an old toy that was to be thrown away.
  Seeing his expression, Alice felt a hint of sympathy, and chided herself.
"Something on your mind...?"
  She asked him, watching the flowery garden fade into a snowy field.
  Soujyuro shook his head.
"Not really. It's just... I feel like I know that place.
  It's weird, right? I didn't feel that way when I got here."
  He stood staring at the tundra for what seemed like an eternity, reluctant to leave.
  If she left him there, he would still be gazing at it by morning-probably even longer.
  But there was no point in doing that.
  In the end, Alice was the only one who would remember the beautiful scenery he yearned for.
"Does it really look that familiar?"
"Not at all. Not one bit of it."
"Then it's just your imagination."
  Soujyuro nodded at Alice's harsh conclusion.
  He smiled slightly, deciding it was pointless to want something that did not exist.
"Yeah. Maybe I saw it in a dream.
  A dream where I was happy..."
  Severing the ties that bound him, Soujyuro turned his back away from the snowy clearing,
  away from the unfamiliar yet familiar place where he had known happiness.
"Let's get back. I'm tired, and Aozaki's heavy.
  How about we have a warm cup of tea once we're back at the mansion, Alice?"
  Soujyuro spoke her name with a smile.
  Her heart skipped a beat.
  Since when did he start saying her name so casually like that?
  Somehow she managed a nod, before beginning to walk again.
  As he moved away from her, she asked a small question to his back.
"Is she heavier than me...?"
  Aoko was a bit taller than Alice,
  so naturally she would weigh more, but Alice wanted to hear him say it anyway.
  Not one to disappoint, Soujyuro answered without missing a beat.
"Definitely. By about... twenty pounds."
"You do realize if Aoko knew you'd said that, she'd kill you."
  Judging by Alice's tone, she was probably going to tell Aoko later.
"You're kinda mean, Alice.
Y'know, I did round down, too, just to be nice."
"..."
  His attempts at being kind had likely drawn him closer to his deathbed.
"...No good, huh?"
  He asked nervously.
  Alice could not help but crack a smile at his innocence.
  However, she was not used to smiling in front of others, so she turned away and walked into the woods.
  From Soujyuro's perspective, she was storming off in a mood.
"...What?
She must really care if she's mad at me for saying that about you, right, Aozaki?"
  Soujyuro rushed to catch up with Alice, gently carrying Aoko along the way.
  Though the prince lacked the courage to kiss the sleeping princess, he had at least saved her, and was bringing her back to her castle.
  Despite what he had been through, he did not look like your typical hero. Still, in this story at least, he most certainly was.
"Now you see.
  I don't need to rely on just Beo."
  Touko's expression was steely. Victory was in her grasp, and there was no room to rest on her laurels.
"So it was the mirror that concealed you?
  ...You used it to detect, capture, and act as backup. Impressive.
  Not quite one of the Great Three, but a very versatile, and, might I add, exceptional Ploy."
"Quit patronizing us. You're just upset you got duped."
"Not at all. I'm just giving credit where credit's due.
  It was me who worked with Meinster on the thing in the first place. I'm just kind of annoyed that someone got carried away and couldn't help but add functions to it."
"And then the little robin, coming at me disguised as you... You used it to distract me with it while you charged up your huge attack.
  Alice avoided my Mystic Eyes while you focused on offense. Not a bad plan. Y'know, all in all, you did pretty well."
  Touko recounted their strategy, sharing her impressions as she went.
  Aoko could not take her eyes off Touko's blooming Magic Crests.
  Only Alice was paying close attention to Touko's words.
"Well, I'm afraid this is the end of the line.
  It's such a shame, Aoko. I can't believe you're still using such magecraft after two years. You could've become a world-class marksman."
  Touko snapped her fingers again.
  The floating crests began to glow more brightly.
"...Alice. What are those?"
  Aoko whispered to Alice standing next to her as she held her hand.
  She could not risk turning around.
  The second she took her eye off of Touko, the fight would be over.
"As you can see, they're Magic Crests... as hard as it is to believe."
  Alice's voice was filled with shock and discomfort.
  Aoko shared Alice's sentiment.
  Magic Crests were passed down through a family line and took unique forms. At heart, they were merely personalized inscriptions, and technically no different from grimoires. However, the reality was far different.
  Magecraft had no set form.
  Without a set shape, the ability to recreate Mystics was itself flawed.
  To craft it into a form required an immeasurable investment of time and devotion.
Magic Crests were the crystallization of a family's desires and ambitions, and proof of a successor's lineage.
  Crests had no effects on their own,
  but they were the ultimate symbol of a family.
  If no mage was willing to imbue themselves with a crest, or lacked the resolve to merge with it, then the crest's meaning was lost.
  That was the key difference between a crest and a mere spellbook.
  Crests could not be shared, and imitating them was pointless.
  It only stood to reason, then,
  that even if the crests manifesting behind Touko belonged to someone else, only the original owner could benefit from them.
"Those crests have to be what's deflecting my magic bullets. Don't tell me, she's..."
  Searching for answers, Aoko squinted her eyes as she glared at Touko.
  She knew that copying a crest had no purpose.
  Only the original inheritor could invoke one.
  There was only one possible conclusion.
"...I see.
  If they aren't inscribed on your skin and just floating in the air..."
  Aoko spat a curse at her sister.
  Touko nodded, pleased at her enemies' quick wit.
"The crests didn't suit my body, so I fixed them to the space behind me.
Of course crests like yours that are engraved into the flesh are much better, because they can be activated in one go.
  For me, though, this was the only way."
"And while I do need to perform an extra step to activate them, they're not mine, so I don't feel any pain."
  And it seemed neither physically, nor mentally.
  Aoko knew her sister was inhuman, but she never thought she would go this far.
"...Hmph. Well, you're right about them not suiting you. You stole them from someone else, so your bloodline can never match up.
  Which means...
The person or persons you stole them from can't die, so you must be have them locked up somewhere. If they died, you couldn't activate their crests."
"Touko, you..." 
"I don't remember anyone complaining.
They were asking for it. They should've been better prepared if they wanted to face me.
  There were some rather rude fools who used questionable language.
  But I think I've been quite kind really. They came to kill me, and I let them live."
"Really? As a fellow mage, I only hope they're okay."
"You're probably wondering what I've done to them.
  'Has she preserved their brains? Or maybe she's just lumped them all into a ball of flesh?' As if I'd do that!
  I built them a café, and provided plenty of food, entertainment, sleep, and freedom! Some of them even said they wanted to live like that forever!"
  Touko's words were hardly believable, but it was clear her crests weren't copies.
  Alice's scowl deepened.
  What Touko had described had no discernible benefit in her mind.
  Why had she gone to the trouble of stealing other mages' crests?
  It would have been more efficient to break down the crests into components and make replicas.
  For a skilled puppet master like Touko, she could have made a much more powerful puppet with those crests.
  It would have made a pawn loyal to her every command at that, much more useful than any enslaved mage.
"...Why, Touko?"
"That's Touko for you. Once she decides to do something, that's it. Everything's a means to an end.
  ...Listen to this: one time, we were watching TV and a pizza commercial came on. We both *really* wanted to eat something greasy.
Unfortunately, our super-boring family only had the pepperoni."
"You know my house was on the top of a big hill, right?
  Getting to the city took an hour. But I just had to have that pizza, so I walked it. Could I find a pizza place? Nope! So I walked home empty-handed."
  It was the tragedy of living in the countryside.
  Misaki, which had only recently gotten a conveyor belt sushi restaurant, would not see a pizzeria for another two years.
"Then when I got home, hungry and tired...
...my damn sister waved at me, all 'Welcome back!' with a big slice of pizza hanging out of her stupid face!
  She was like, 'I tried using rice crackers as a base.'
  When I looked outside, three chickens and one cow were gone. That's when I realized she had no concept of the value of money, hard work, or fairness!"
  Alice agreed that was pretty crazy.
"Stupid crap like that means I'm perfectly fine with putting a hole through her chest with a Gandr Shot.
  I mean she could've just chanted a single verse from the Gematria to get the same effect, but nooo, she was so obsessed with curses she made a puppet that couldn't even fly!"
  The thought of the puppet doppelgänger made her blood boil.
  It was clear to Aoko now that Touko had done it on purpose to annoy her.
  Touko furrowed her eyebrows at Aoko's verbal assault.
  She had been stoic up until now, but speaking rudely about her prized puppet was crossing the line.
"If I recall, that puppet had you on the ropes.
  And for your information, Gematria numerology is a Kabbalah secret. I'm a rune specialist, so I don't need to learn anything and everything like you do.
  ...Well, I did learn something.
One owner of these crests taught me about Celtic Bounded Fields."
  Touko looked to the crest over her left shoulder.
  Its shine was ever-radiant,
  proving that its magecraft was active.
"I used this 'castle' to seal away Grandfather.
  I trapped that half-yokai druid-monk in a tower. Well, I say 'tower,' but it's closer to a mailbox in size.
  Like that red mailbox you broke, remember? About that big, but it's a cute little birdcage.
A bit cramped for one person, but Grandfather's more spirit than body, so I guess it's more appropriate for him anyway."
  Touko stifled a sinister laugh, her explanation chilling.
  Her cold veneer seemed to slip slightly when it came to her grandfather,
  her smile betraying the long festering hatred she still clung to.
"Anyway, because I blocked your attack, I can't use this crest for a while.
  Though, if you'd used True Magic, a three-line crest wouldn't have countered it. You only lost by a slight margin, Aoko. You should be proud.
  Right then, let's wrap this up.
  Feel free to fight back, but remember you're against Beo."
  Touko snapped her fingers one more time.
  The golden werewolf was hiding in the old school building.
  The signal to him echoed eerily through the surrounding woods.
  Before the echo stopped, Aoko shouted back at Alice.
"Alice, go!"
  The order sounded like a reprimand, but Alice silently obeyed.
  Without hesitation, she left Aoko behind to handle Touko, and made for the forest.
  ...If defeat was inevitable, it would be pointless for both of them to die.
  If one of them could survive, there could be a round three.
  That was why Aoko decided to be the sacrificial pawn.
"Now we know what Touko's trump card is, if Alice can get back to normal, she'll stand a chance..."
  Aoko muttered bitterly to herself as Alice's feet crunched through the snow.
  Instead of cursing her own death, she cursed the fact she would not see Alice defeat Touko.
  For what else was there to curse except this.
  Alice disappeared into the forest.
  Feeling her fellow mage's presence fade, Aoko continued to glare at her sister.
"...How long do you plan to drag this out?
  You know I hate it when people make me wait."
  Speaking of waiting, the werewolf Touko had called was nowhere to be seen.
  It should not have taken him more than a few seconds to come flying out of the old school building.
"What's the big hurry? He's after Little Red Riding Hood for the time being.
  Or rather, 'Little Black Hat,' to force the metaphor."
  Her tone reeked of irony.
"..."
  The words traveled aimlessly across the school yard like a rambling announcement.
  Aoko stood frozen and dumbfounded.
  Everything Touko was saying seemed so far away from reality.
"Alice...!"
  Aoko was done with being fooled, so she turned around.
  The moonlight shining off of the fallen snow allowed her to see far into the forest.
  From the white darkness, a lone boy came into view, walking toward her.
  He could not have been any taller than Aoko's chest, but he carried Alice over his shoulder with ease.
  As if she was nothing, he tossed her body upward.
  She arched through the air for several feet before dropping head first before Aoko's eyes.
  Her neck would snap on impact.
"...!"
  Even though she was wiser not to, Aoko reached out and caught her.
  Alice's light body weighed heavy as she fell into Aoko's arms.
  The stitches on her wounds tore,
  dyeing Aoko's arms crimson.
  Aoko gritted her teeth, fighting the pain that shot through her body and the sensation of the warm blood.
"Alice, are you still...?"
"..."
  Alice did not respond, but Aoko could see she was at least conscious.
  The werewolf must have ambushed her right after she ran into the woods.
  Alice bled heavily from where the wolf tore her abdomen open last night, just like he had done to Aoko.
"You were hiding in the woods this entire time."
  Cursing her own carelessness, she gently lay Alice's body down.
  She set her sights on the blond-haired boy-her new target,
"So that's how it is, huh?
  A wolf in a little boy's clothing."
  Even in the face of Aoko's rage, he did not stop smirking.
  He stared back at the girls, eyes gleaming, twinkling with excitement at the brutality to come.
  The blond hair and green eyes she saw last night
  and his effeminate features now
 seemed ethereal, like he had changed into a being from another planet.
"You'll feast tonight, Beo."
  Touko's voice echoed from afar.
  The boy's grin broadened.
  Nobody could have expected what came next.
  Aoko rushed head first at the boy.
  Faster than the robin decoy, she sped, blood dripping from both arms.
  Touko watched wide-eyed at the spectacle.
  Alice could only look on with vacant eyes, as she lay helplessly on the ground.
  The werewolf boy was caught off guard by the prey becoming predator.
  Aoko crossed a twenty-foot gap in a second before planting a foot in the snow.
  It arrested her momentum and pivoted her body like a top.
  Even if he instantly understood what was coming, the boy wouldn't be able to dodge in time.
"...The neck!"
  Using the momentum from her sprint, she pushed her leg into the ground and sprang up.
  With deadly timing, her roundhouse kick swung in a wide ark toward the boy's neck, sending an explosion of force to his brain stem.
  It was an expert display of martial arts, strengthened by magical energy.
  She'd gotten the hang of close combat while fighting Touko's puppets. The violent kick was powerful enough to shatter a tree trunk.
  The boy did not move.
  Aoko's right shin connected firmly, and stopped.
"..."
  A shockwave rippled through his neck.
  It was the same feedback Aoko had felt when she destroyed the puppet.
  Even if he wasn't defeated, she had to have severely damaged his spine.
  As she looked at him to confirm her kill, the boy simply stared back at her, not even bothering to twitch an eyebrow.
"Hmph. That must be the leg I bit.
  I can't believe you went for my neck like that. I mean, wow. Miss Touko said that girls instinctively try to spare their own bodies.
  It was a valiant move, but you wasted it. My hair is as strong as when I'm a wolf. Even my peach fuzz can stop your kick."
  The only one hurt between the two was Aoko.
  The leg she had lodged in his neck was totally numb, like it had been chopped clean off with a hatchet.
"You held back a bit, too, right? You wanted to protect your leg, I guess.
  Humans need to forget that kinda thing when fighting me.
  Still..."
  The boy smiled, basking in Aoko's shock and awe.
  She could not free her leg.
No doubt as soon as she regained her footing, he would tear her stomach open.
"...Well, you're mincemeat anyway, so I guess it doesn't matter."
"See? What a waste. And it just healed up, too."
  Aoko was not sure, but it felt like he had sunk his finger into the flesh of her right leg.
  He was right about her leg; she barely had any feeling in it.
  It had been completely paralyzed after the last attack, and was now back in the same horrid state.
  Except this time, instead of being torn to pieces, it had been crushed to the bone.
  Her leg might have been numb, but just the look of it was enough to horrify her. The way it was crumpled... All that blood...
  Any normal person would have died from shock.
  As if thinking about someone else, Aoko considered how cruel Magic Crests could be.
"Huh? Still some life in your eyes.
...I don't really wanna torture you. You should drop the tough act."
  The boy thrust his hand out at Aoko's chest.
  Her consciousness flickered from the sudden pain of a stake- no, a child's fist piercing her torso.
  The scenery flew by.
  She soared through the air, like a rag doll tossed away by a bored child.
  Just like Alice a moment ago, she tumbled through the air and hit the ground, hard.
  Her right leg was crushed; her chest caved in.
"Hngh...!"
  It was as if her heart had been scooped out of her chest; each gasp of breath left her wanting more.
  Was this what it was like to see stars?
  The terrifying part was the pain; it never let up.
  Desperately trying to suck in oxygen, she could still feel his fist.
  ...Leisurely the boy strolled across the snow toward Aoko's broken body,
  his red tongue gliding over his lips.
  He stared at his prey, who was desperately trying to breathe. His eyes filled with glee.
"-, -..."
  Aoko bit down the temptation to drift away.
  Even though she could find no reason to fight on.
  The snow had broken her fall slightly, but her death was all but certain-the fist-sized crater in her chest, and her mangled leg made sure of that.
  Even though she knew she was a broken mess,
  ...her Magic Crests frantically worked to resuscitate her heart. But why...?
"Wh―"
  The sight of Touko in the distance... was the only thing that kept her conscious.
  Her sister looked... surprised, for some reason.
  Like she was witnessing some strange phenomenon. That wasn't like her.
  Wondering what it was, Aoko tried to stay conscious.
"...Wh-What's... happening...?"
  Feebly trying to raise her head, she looked to where Touko was staring.
  Why did she look like that when she was so close to victory?
  His heart was beating faster than normal.
  The fragmented and disturbing images kept returning, and he desperately pushed them to the back of his mind.
  They were thoughts that shook his resolve.
  He did his best to file them away into an unseen corner of his consciousness.
"..."
  Right now, he could only focus on controlling his breathing and his exertion.
  Just stay calm, he repeated to himself.
  He had not stopped for a second since leaving the church,
  even without giving a thought to what he would do next.
  So many traffic lights...
  So many people...
  It was Christmas. There was no way he would find a taxi.
Waiting for one was not an option; it was why he had put his trust in his legs.
  He dashed through the city streets. He had to find a shorter route than last night.
  His heart was ready to jump out of his chest,
  pounding like a hammer against a fire bell.
  He had no intention of giving up yet, but he could not seem to calm himself down.
  In his precarious condition, even surrender seemed too great of an effort to spare.
  Visions of horrible outcomes flashed through his mind.
  No. Calm. He needed to stay calm.
  That was his only weapon.
  He was painfully aware he was powerless; the best thing he could do was to keep his head on straight.
  While he wrangled with his mind...
  His pulse seemed to quicken, with every step.
  The forest was faintly lit by the moon.
  That was more than enough on such a bare mountain.
  He followed the two sets of footprints.
  Ahead lay a situation he had nothing to do with-just like at the amusement park.
"Even if you go, there's nothing you can do for them."
  The only effect her admonishing words had was to hasten his pace.
  He pushed the ground with his legs even harder, trying to leave his doubt in the kicked up snow behind him.
  Of course he was powerless.
  The pain in his chest told him so.
  At best he would be useless, and at the worst he would be a liability.
  He recalled the binding spell placed on him at the church.
  It did not matter.
  His body told him he would regret being torn to pieces less than if he did nothing.
  Not once did his legs fail him as he ran through the woods;
  though it felt as though his heart could at any moment.
  His weakness screamed at him from within.
  Just like back at the amusement park.
  He was beyond reason or circumstances now.
  Ultimately...
"...I just want to help her."
  ...that was all he really desired.
  His heart pounded with vigor.
  As he ran through the dark, wintry forest, only one thing gnawed at his mind.
  Not concern for the girls, nor anger toward Touko.
  The red roses bursting forth from her limbs.
  Screams of agony, like childbirth.
  The harsh reality of something beautiful dying.
  The nightmare was tenacious.
  Never again.
  Never ever again did he want to see something like that again, if he could help it.
  Just ahead was the forest clearing.
  The moonlight shone on the old school building like a spotlight.
  Once again, those thoughts crept back.
  He could not bear seeing something like that again.
  That was why he ran.
  But...
If he had to face it a second time, how could he stay calm?
  With that thought in mind, he arrived at the clearing.
  Somehow, his frantic breathing, his rising and lowering shoulders stopped.
  No exhaustion. No inertia. Just blankness. Like his mind was frozen in time.
  This was the second time he felt like this.
  But the nausea and dizziness from the first time...
  The pathetic whining of the last few weeks...
  The doubts clouding his mind... they were all gone,
 displaced entirely from his mind by an even stronger emotion.
  His heart pounded with the force of a sledgehammer.
  It was a primal sound, loud enough to bring him to his senses.
"..."
  Soujyuro stepped into the clearing, letting out a deep but steady exhale.
  Although his eyes were locked with the blond-haired boy's, his concentration was focused inward.
  Be calm. Be calm.
  Every fiber of his being worked to control his breathing.
  The clearing told the story of Aoko and Alice's crushing defeat.
  Aoko was lying face up in the snow,
  her right leg bright red and crushed at the thigh.
  Her eyes were glazed over, but Soujyuro could tell she was still bravely fighting.
  Judging by her spluttering, she had taken a hard blow to her chest or back.
  Soujyuro deduced it was most likely both.
  Alice's injuries seemed less serious than Aoko's, but she lay motionless on the ground nevertheless.
  She was lying across from Aoko, face down in the snow, arms out in front, as though pushing herself up was too painful.
  Before the old school building stood the figure of the mage he had seen before.
  Paying her no mind, Soujyuro began to walk forward.
  Feeling calmer since arriving at the clearing, he advanced toward Aoko.
  Touko did nothing to stop him.
  No one noticed, but the faintest look of worry flickered in her eyes.
"Are you a friend of theirs, mister?"
  The child werewolf spoke amicably, confident in his victory,
  and perhaps also eyeing up a new meal.
  Soujyuro ignored him, and kept walking toward Aoko.
  The complete disregard wiped the smile from the boy's face.
  Still Soujyuro carried on; the beast's feelings were the last thing on his mind.
  Once he reached Aoko, he looked down at her with a pained expression on his face.
  Strangely, he was at a loss for words.
  After a slight hesitation, all he could manage to say was,
"That wasn't very polite, Ms. President.
  You shouldn't have left the church without saying goodbye."
  His awkward remark was half scolding and half affectionate.
"...
You... numbskull..."
  Despite the pain in her stomach, Aoko was able to throw an insult his way.
"Glad to see you still have some fight in you, Aozaki."
  His voice brightened, as if buying her bravado.
  The truth was that she barely had the strength to live.
  Despite that, Soujyuro looked like he wanted to respond in his usual way.
  Something like, "see, Aozaki? You're too tough to die, even when someone kills you."
"You know..."
  As soon as she tried to speak, she ran out of breath.
  Soujyuro heard her loud and clear this time.
  He might have looked absentminded, but he knew exactly how dangerous the situation was.
  Aoko knew because his carefree-sounding words did not match his expressionless face.
"...What do you... think... you're...?"
  Before she could say "doing," she coughed painfully.
  Soujyuro pressed his finger to his lips and nodded.
  Aoko could not quite believe it, but it looked as though Soujyuro had gestured to her to not speak.
"Isn't it obvious? It's the same as last time.
  If you go down, I step in, right? So I'm here.
  Okay, I still can't do anything, but still..."
  Aoko did not know what to say.
  She could only look up at him, amazed and awed.
  The werewolf stared at them, visibly frustrated.
  After all, he believed himself to be the noblest of all creatures.
  Ignoring him was treason, punishable by death. Had Touko not been there, he would have sunk his teeth into Soujyuro's neck by now.
  He was sure he had been intimidating enough.
  However, his prey did not show any signs of fear.
  It was hard to imagine, but maybe, just maybe...
  This guy did not view him as a threat.
"Whatever. As long as the meat is tender, juicy, and filling, I don't care whose it is.
  Hey, you. You don't mind if I start with you, do you?"
  The boy wolf called out once again.
  Still not responding, Soujyuro raised a hand to his nose.
  Cool, calm, and collected.
  Paying no mind to the boy, yet keeping an eye on him.
"...Something reeks."
"...?"
  Everyone present was confused.
  No one seemed to be able to smell anything but him.
"Oh? What do you smell, mister?"
  Beo's voice retained his usual arrogance, but was tinged with impatience.
  The boy was unable to hide his irritation at being ignored.
  Finally, Soujyuro turned to face the boy just a short distance from him.
"It's like rotten meat. This is why I hate dogs."
  His voice was filled with disgust and contempt.
  Soujyuro was mainly speaking to himself,
  but the werewolf boy had never felt so insulted.
  Even if that was not Soujyuro's intent at all.
"...Hmph."
  In a moment, the wind picked up,
  perhaps signaling a change in the werewolf's mood.
  A fiery gale whipped around, carving patterns in the snow.
"Soujyuro...!"
  Sensing he was about to be killed, Aoko desperately tried to move.
  But her broken body would not respond.
  After hearing Soujyuro's insult, Alice was unsuccessfully struggling to get to her feet, too.
  In complete contrast, Soujyuro stood there.
  Firmly and unfazed.
  The little blond boy's well of patience had run dry.
"...I get it. You're underestimating me because I look like a kid, huh?
 BIG mistake!"
  His time playing human was over.
  Enraged, the boy transformed.
  He grew larger and larger, golden fur sprouting from his pale flesh.
  His mouth grew razor-sharp fangs; his hands grew claws.
  Drawing from the magical energy in the air, he transformed into a preternatural beast: a wolf in the shape of a human.
"Beo! Did I say you could transform?!"
  Touko yelled at him, but the werewolf did not respond.
  He only huffed deep breaths of hot air.
"Did you really just...?"
  That was all Soujyuro could say in response to the boy's metamorphosis.
  Such a transformation was the stuff of nightmares.
  What was worse, the beast now towered above him. It was enough to make anybody question reality itself.
"Amazing." 
  Seeing his prey's reaction satisfied the werewolf, and his maw twisted into a satisfied grin.
  He was a strange one, this guy, but meat was meat.
  However...
...the beast's arrogance was short lived.
  The prey breathed a sigh of exasperation before speaking.
"You really are a dog."
"..."
  You could hear a pin drop, even in the snow.
  Aoko, Alice, and Touko were all dumbfounded.
  Were they really seeing a human not just stare a werewolf down, but insult it to its face?
  They simply could not believe it.
"-, -, -!"
  It was too late.
  Any trace of the wolf's pride or dignity
  faded away.
  The onlookers finally realized that the wolf was serious.
"Beo! Do NOT kill him!"
  But Touko's command fell on deaf ears.
  The wolf prepared to lunge, his emerald eyes fixed on Soujyuro not thirty feet in front of him.
  A mere thirty feet.
  A half-second was all he needed.
  Another half-second to bring his claw down, and slice his prey from head to toe.
"You're dead!"
  A roar of joyous, unbridled fury echoed far and wide.
  It was the only warning the werewolf gave as he exploded toward Soujyuro.
  One second.
  A golden blur swept forth in a furious gust, too fast for eyes to follow.
  In the face of unworldly speed, there was only one thing to do.
  Soujyuro stepped forward, a silent shadow opposite the beastly silhouette of the incoming werewolf.
  He needed exactly three paces.
  He bet his entire life on around three feet of distance.
  In the blink of an eye, death would be upon him.
  Yet, he did not show the slightest indication he intended to avoid the lunging behemoth.
  The wolf's foreleg slammed into the ground with earth-shaking fury.
  His back muscles tensed up so much they seemed barely contained in his frame, as he swept a raised paw downward.
  Soujyuro's small step neatly evaded the claws.
  But he had a different motive.
  He was merely positioning himself for the next move.
  His intention was never to avoid anything.
  From the beginning, his mind was focused on but one thing.
  One point to aim for.
  One mind.
  One breath.
  He picked the perfect opening in the wolf's torso, the precise microsecond between contraction and relaxation.
  That one point alone was the crack in the dam of life.
  He punched the werewolf in its chest, with his feeble human strength.
  There was a dull thud, and a burst of blood.
  The twisted flesh and gore were all Soujyuro's own.
"...?!"
  The werewolf's raised claw convulsed.
  From an insignificant impact, the beast's body was the first to collapse, then his spirit.
  There was a moment of utter incomprehension.
  The wolf opened his jaws to try and pull air into his lungs.
  Gasping, he began to topple forward.
  The slender figure slipped around to his flank.
  The next blow pierced him like a spear.
  Ignoring his mangled left arm, the silhouette whirled around and drove his right elbow into the collapsing werewolf's back.
  There was another muffled impact.
  The second strike penetrated to the exact same spot the first strike had, crushing the beast's heart.
  This time, the blood that flew into the air belonged to the gasping wolf.
  The werewolf fell to the ground, choking on his own blood.
  He did not get up.
He showed no sign of life.
  It was over.
  There was no remorse, no hesitation in that brief act of violence.
  The perfect, furious, golden beast lay still.
  Felled in a mere three seconds.
"..."
  No sane person would have bet on this outcome.
  His breathing calm, the victor stood over the fallen behemoth's body.
  There was only one thing to do.
  Soujyuro stepped forward, a silent shadow opposite the beastly silhouette of the incoming werewolf.
  He needed exactly three paces.
  He bet his entire life on around three feet of distance.
"..."
  Something just as otherworldly had occurred. You had to be there to believe it.
  Taking it all in, standing above the fallen werewolf was none other than an ordinary boy, named Soujyuro Sizuki.
"...But... how...?"
  Even as the beast lay crumpled in the snow, he could not grasp what had happened.
  His heart had ruptured, cutting the blood flow to his body and brain, leaving him helpless.
  That much he knew.
  If he were a normal creature, he would be dead.
  As it was, this was a trifling inconvenience.
  Once his heart was repaired, his body would heal as well.
  It was not as if he had been struck by magecraft exceeding his own Mystical nature. This was little different than a grazed knee.
  ..Which is what was so strange-
  Your heart does not stop from a grazed knee.
"...What did I... do wrong...?"
  The werewolf frantically searched his memory.
  He managed to remember right up until the moment he raised his claws.
  But what had come after that?
  Given the right transformation, he knew he could withstand even a cannon blast. How had a puny human dropped him?
  Wait.
Before that he had to figure out exactly what his opponent did to him.
  The moment he got in close... Yes. He had felt a small impact.
  The attack was so accurate that it probably only affected his heart.
"Hah..."
  Ridiculous.
  Even if that was possible, there was no way that that alone could stop a werewolf's heart.
  In the end, no matter how much he thought about it, nothing added up.
  The answer was out of reach for a werewolf with no knowledge of being backed into a corner, let alone the limits of human skill.
  Only one thing was certain: he had lost.
  He tried to piece together the sequence of events.
  The explosion in his chest... The flash of white...
  After that, as he was falling over, he took another blow to his back.
  That was the one that disrupted his heart.
(...This can't be. There's no way I...)
  Could lose? Indeed.
  It was physically impossible.
  The boy gnashed his teeth and tensed his body in indignation at this unfair conclusion.
(Oh, I know... none of this is real. No other werewolf ever managed to lay a claw on me.
This pain-this whole situation isn't really happening.
It makes no sense.
Who on this planet could beat ME?!)
  Enough thinking.
  He was ready.
  From the ground, he glared at his enemy to his side.
"I. Don't. Lose."
  The very next moment...
  An unknown type of pain coursed down his spine.
  It had eyes. Cold eyes. Staring. Piercing.
  Colorless.
  The moon looked more alive.
  Its arms were broken.
  Its inhumanly powerful attack had mangled them beyond recognition.
  If it was in pain, it would have cried out.
  But it was silent.
  Was...
...it...
...ever...
...alive...?
  Those dead eyes...
                              
He'd seen eyes like those before.
  Those eyes without hatred. Without joy.
  Without any feeling behind them at all.
                              
It was a mindless insect.
  The werewolf's hair stood on end.
  What was this creeping chill, crawling up his spine?
  Having never experienced fear, the werewolf did not know what had become of him.
  Despite countless clashes against other Mystics, it had been a human that broke him.
  He knew beasts even larger than himself.
  He knew legendary creatures like himself.
  He did not know this.
  He'd never met, much less imagined, a human-sized bug.
"..."
  The chill down the werewolf's spine was so vicious it threatened to split him in two.
  If he moved even an inch, it would crush his skull underfoot.
  In spite of the despair gripping him, the boy paradoxically sensed that his opponent would not move at all.
  This human would exhibit no further violence.
  It was a creature-no, a stone-that held no animal instincts. It masqueraded as a human.
  The contradiction grated against his heart, his values.
  A phantom pain borne of an unknown emotion: fear.
  It wasn't just grating; it was like many needles, slowly digging into his heart.
  This had been his first taste of doubt-of reality.
  Such contradictions existed in the world, after all.
  They were irrationalities and questions you did not want to hear the answers to.
(It... hurts...)
  The suppressed pain suddenly flowed through his body like a raging river.
  This was also a first.
  Until now, he had always been able to control pain.
  He had never known what it was like to tremble.
  An elemental might have even felt sorry for him, if it were here to watch.
  How sad... Born complete, yet lost in the lunacy of the human world.
(It... it hurts! It hurts! It hurts so much!)
  His heart had fully regenerated.
Howling in mental agony, the beast clutched his own trembling body.
  Those eyes! Those human eyes looking straight through him!
  And then, the boy realized the only reason he was still alive.
  Even with both arms broken, the human could have finished him off with its legs.
  But it mattered not.
  Because his opponent was giving him a taste of his own medicine.
  This was not revenge for trying to kill him.
  This was revenge for the wounds he inflicted on the girls.
"..."
  The absurdity of it all made his throat tighten.
  His breathing was frantic.
  This human had no sense of self.
It had no concern for its own safety when it stood between him and the girls.
  That must be why it had no hate or fear... or perhaps even intent to kill him.
  Indeed. The fact that he was alive had nothing to do with the human's will.
  The fight was machine-like; so was its judgment.
  An eye for an eye, and nothing more.
  If the werewolf had killed one of the girls, this exchange would have ended differently.
(...If I'd killed them, would I have been killed?)
  He shuddered at the thought.
  He had never entertained such a possibility.
  He had never had to, because he was supposed to be the one exception to that rule!
  Agony kicked him hard in the gut.
  No matter the Mystic, nothing was immune from injury, from decay.
  The boy finally understood an obvious law of the world...
  ...or rather, he had been taught.
(He would've killed me... I know it...)
  Those eyes. They would not stop staring down at him.
  Retribution was a universal law.
  He was now painfully aware of that fact.
  And yet.
 And yet.
 And yet.
  The one who brought form to this idea was this human!
  The pain of defeat! The pain in his heart! The pain of comprehending the incomprehensible!
  Pain, pain, pain...
  The impossibility of it all had shattered his perfect world.
  It ate at him, consumed every fiber of his being.
              The doubt made his head spin.
      It was too much.
Humans were impossible to understand.
"...I'd have been killed. I'd have been killed. I'd have been killed..."
  He had not been made to face the death of another, but his own.
  Unable to cope, he reverted to his human form.
  Quietly...
  He shivered like a frightened child in a mother's lap.
"Y..."
  Still lying in the snow, Aoko choked on her words,
  unable to entirely comprehend what had unfolded.
"...Soujyuro, you..."
  She could not hide the trembling in her voice.
"What?"
  Speaking in his usual way, Soujyuro nonchalantly turned toward her.
"What do you mean 'What'?! Do you even know what you just did?!"
  She shouted angrily, as though he had done something wrong.
  Soujyuro looked surprised, wondering what on earth he had done to upset her.
  He lowered his gaze back to the wolf boy.
  Knitting his brow in dismay, Soujyuro finally realized what Aoko was referring to.
"That's weird, Aozaki. I thought you knew."
  He looked at her in disappointment.
"'Knew'...? Knew what? What're you talking about?"
  Feeling slightly affronted, Aoko responded curtly.
  Soujyuro sighed.
"Bears are actually pretty common in the mountains.
  Remember me telling you that?"
"...
Huh?"
  Aoko's jaw dropped.
  It took her a moment to process what he had just said.
  She recalled some meaningless conversation or other from who knows when.
"...Are you making fun of me?
  Good grief. Why did they train me to fight bears, of all things?"
"..."
  Yes. Now she thought about it, they had spoken about that.
  He'd mentioned being familiar with large beasts,
  and she couldn't deny that she'd heard him utter some anachronistic nonsense about training against them.
  Which meant...
  He was used to dealing with animals larger than himself.
  If he'd lived the sort of life that involved run-ins with wild bears, then a man-wolf might only have been surprising, but not particularly frightening.
  Aoko hung her head.
  After all this time, who was it that really made no sense?
"...Okay. You win this one, Soujyuro."
  It was hard to tell whether she spoke in admiration or exasperation.
  Either way, as she slouched in the snow, Aoko spoke quietly enough so only she could hear her words.
  Touko, on the other hand, understood exactly what had transpired.
  Beo lay fallen, now just a sobbing boy;
  and another boy stood over him with two shattered arms.
  Near-fatally wounded, Aoko and Alice still could not stand, but had recovered enough to breathe.
  As for Touko, she had only a few tricks up her sleeve. Maybe three or four more runes at best.
  The Magic Crests on her back were unusable.
  She could use the remaining magical energy from the field imprisoning her grandfather, but that would be stupid;
  if she released her grandfather, she would lose ownership of the sacred ground.
  Failing to defeat Aoko and Alice now would mean starting over from square one, and she could not afford that. This sibling rivalry had to end.
  Touko had gambled everything on her surprise attack,
  using the fact she was still an Aozaki to infiltrate Misaki's defenses.
  For three years she had labored, selling her work to the Association.
  And she had used twenty years' worth of hair to mobilize an army of familiars.
  It was now or never.
"...But I failed."
  She had overestimated the werewolf's power.
  It should have been enough.
  Against mages alone, Beowulf by himself would have been enough to ensure complete victory.
  But things did not always go according to plan.
  Beo's incredible strength was conditional.
  She knew he was not infallible, so why hadn't she prepared a contingency plan?
  Her heart as cold as ice, Touko stared at Soujyuro, who stood tall.
  His arms were a hideous mess.
  The arm he used to strike Beo head-on barely even resembled an arm.
  His bones were bent out of shape; his muscles were torn to shreds. To say his arm was simply broken would be a gross understatement.
  Streams of crimson ran down his other arm onto the white snow.
  The elbow he drove into Beo's back was likely shattered, and his muscle and tendons torn up to his shoulder.
  Judging from the state of his arms, it was doubtful he would be able to use them again.
  Worse than his arms were his left leg, and no doubt his internal organs, too.
  He had used the leg to take the full brunt of Beo's charge.
At a glance, it looked fine, but it was now just a useless hunk of meat attached to his torso.
  His insides were worse. Supporting the weight of Beo had ruptured his spine, causing widespread internal bleeding.
  Basically, he was a dead man standing.
  A bird with clipped wings.
  Living like that would not be living at all.
  He could barely stand, let alone fight again.
  In contrast, the collapsed werewolf was unscathed.
  Only once had he coughed up blood.
  The majority of the pool of red on the snow was Soujyuro's,
  a crimson tapestry telling the story of the boy who stood strong and defeated a werewolf.
(...Every action has an equal and opposite reaction.
  You strike, and you face the consequences-especially if you hit a werewolf.
  It would be like punching a moving freight train.
  Did he-)
  Perhaps he had known what would happen.
  Animals instinctively limit their strength in order to protect their body.
  Compensating for physical weakness with intellect and technique was humanity's forte, and that clash had shown humans at their very best. And yet, it had also been beyond human.
  He had attacked without concern for his own safety.
  Without self-preservation in mind, he could go beyond human capability.
  Enough to strike through the steel-like fur of a legendary werewolf.
  But who would have thought that a beast, able to withstand a shot from a tank, would be felled by a mere human?
"...No, that's not right.
The boy didn't break because he struck without hesitation.
He struck knowing he was going to break."
  He sacrificed his entire body to destroy Beo's heart.
  Touko felt a chill come over her as she went over in her head what had transpired.
  It should have been a nightmarish scene, but she was captivated by that supreme display of physical rationality.
  From the outside looking in, she had witnessed not an accident, but a rational consequence.
  In that instant, the boy had put his entire being into piercing Beo's chest.
  As soon as he laid eyes on Aoko and Alice, he had committed himself fully to the task.
  He sized Beo up, synchronized his breathing,
  found his weak point, and calculated the exact position, timing, and distance he would need to hold his ground.
  He knew what he had to do to win, and did it with everything he had.
  It had nothing to do with instinct.
  A wild creature would not have tried to beat something it could not.
  Only a human would risk his life when faced with the impossible.
  That contradiction fed his attack.
  He twisted his body from his heel to his neck to focus his energy.
  If Beo had simply tried to run Soujyuro down, the werewolf would probably have won.
  But the beast wanted to rip him to shreds.
Or rather, he was baited into doing so.
  After Beo charged, when he planted his feet...
  ...he raised his claw, then swung it downward, putting himself off-balance.
  His pulse was erratic, his movement wild; in that moment, he was vulnerable.
  That was when Soujyuro made his move.
  The beast had overwhelming power, but it was sloppy.
  whereas the human concentrated all of his meager power into a single point.
  That was how the human shifted the balance in his favor.
  The follow-up elbow attack would rupture Beo's heart.
  It was a graceless second strike,
  a sloppy blow no different from Beo's.
  The elbow was only able to penetrate the beast's golden fur because of the first attack to his chest.
(...It left Beo wide open.
  Took away his invincibility for a split second.
  Basically...)
  The strike was not meant to break, but to disable.
  All living creatures had weaknesses.
  No matter how strong the creature, it had weak points and weak moments.
  Not just physically, but mentally, too.
  A time when they aren't in their best shape,
  unable to focus, or find motivation.
  Sickness, or a lack of sleep or food, for example, can cause the body's rhythm to go out of sync.
  For a variety of reasons, intelligent beings risked losing their ability to function properly.
  Legendary beasts were no exception.
(...Weaknesses. I know some magecraft that targets weaknesses, but I've never heard of a technique that risks everything to create a weakness.)
  The boy's strike to the heart was not an attempt to kill Beo;
  it was designed to create a weakness in something that had none.
  The elbow attack took advantage of that break in Beo's invulnerability.
(Laughably,  it wasn't even a surprise attack.
  With Beo's reflexes, he should've been able to react.
  But he didn't even realize he was being attacked.
How do you teach that even something non-threatening can be a threat?)
  She was frustrated, to say the least.
  The boy was totally committed, utterly selfless.
  He bet his life on that single moment without expecting a single thing in return.
  That boy had acquired the experience and skill to do such a thing.
  It was not a miracle of luck,
  nor a miracle of passion.
  It was not talent, tenacity, or hatred.
  Without constant, intense training, no one could destroy their own body on a whim like that.
(He made a poor opponent for a child.)
  Seeing Beo cowering in the snow, Touko was disappointed in her own lack of foresight.
  She had used him for his talent alone, ignoring his inexperience.
  If Beo was not a child, his life experience might have given him the strength to bounce back and devour Soujyuro after regenerating.
(Should I scold you, Beo? Or praise you?)
  Touko quietly lifted her left hand.
  Nobody noticed.
  Standing far away, the boy standing there looked like a hunter from a picture book.
  He had a slender build, but that was likely because he intentionally shed any excess.
  Given what she just witnessed, his cluelessness had to be part of an act-the act of a hunter.
  As she thought to herself, she suddenly remembered.
  The first thing that crossed her mind the first time they spoke...
(...I remember now.
  And how I so wanted to forget, dear Soujyuro.)
  No sooner had she felt a slither of sentiment, she returned to her unshakeable resolve.
  She was raised as the heir to the Aozaki household, taught never to question the morality of her actions.
  That was why, even now...
  She knew exactly what she had to do.
"I'm glad that went well."
  Soujyuro muttered, unmoving perhaps because of the pain in his broken arms.
  He did not look at Aoko.
  Instead his gaze was focused on Alice, who was lying prone some way away.
  Aoko thought he looked lonely.
"'That went well'? What did?"
  She asked, spurring him on.
  They were mere steps from each other, close enough to touch hands.
  Their quiet voices carried in the stillness.
"Don't you dare say you're happy we're alive or I'll be so pissed."
  She was not joking.
  Soujyuro turned away from her slightly, shaking his head.
"I'll say it a third time, but I'm not worried about your safety, Aozaki.
  ...Y'know, I could swear I blacked out back there just for a moment."
  He said, as an embarrassed smile crossed his face.
  The first time, he outright fainted. But the second time, his passion pushed the dizziness and nausea aside.
  He just calmly did what he could as best he could.
  Nevertheless, no matter how calm he tried to be, deep within festered a very real rage.
"Hmph... Okay, Soujyuro, what is it you think went so well?"
  Aoko's voice had a slight tinge of annoyance.
  Soujyuro responded,
"Because I was finally able to keep my promise. You held up your end of the deal, but I hadn't delivered yet.
  That always bothered me. I'm so glad I got the chance to set things straight."
  His relief expressed itself as a small but heartfelt smile.
  Aoko listened, astonished.
  For a moment she could not recall what promise Soujyuro was talking about.
  When she remembered what he was talking about-what she had told him all that time ago in the amusement park-her mind went blank.
"If I agree to help you kill that thing, will you let me go?"
  He proposed the deal, but in the end he hadn't been of any use.
  It must have been eating away at him this entire time.
  Aoko had considered the agreement binding, but only for herself.
"You were worried about *that*?"
  She muttered in disbelief.
  Soujyuro gave a nod, and affirmed with a tiny voice.
"You're the one who taught me that promises are things you make to yourself, Aozaki.
  So as long as you keep your word, I need to keep mine.
  Whew... What a weight off my shoulders."
  As if listening to a confessional, Aoko stayed silent.
  She could not find the words to say, anyway.
  Soujyuro proved ever the enigma.
  Taking such a trivial promise so seriously, and speaking so sincerely about something so basic...
  She could not wrap her head around how he had beaten a werewolf, but his personality? That was the true mystery.
  It was no use trying to figure that out now.
  To Aoko Aozaki, he was a riddle wrapped in an enigma wrapped in a conundrum.
"So, I've paid my dues.
  We're even, Aozaki."
  Soujyuro said lightly,
  perhaps attempting to break the silence.
  Normally this would have passed her by, but she saw his kindness for what it was.
"It's me who owes you one now.
I don't even know how to begin to pay you back." Aoko grumbled.
  Soujyuro nodded in happy agreement.
"Anyway, your leg looks a lot better.
  Can you stand?"
  She shot him a stubborn look as if to say, "well, duh, obviously."
  Ever amazed by her grit, he offered her his right hand.
  Despite being broken at the elbow, to Aoko it looked as sturdy as ever.
  By all appearances, it was beyond recovery, and would be for the rest of his life.
  Even so, he seemed able to ignore the pain for Aoko's sake.
"You really are hopeless."
  She uttered under her breath, looking up at him.
  As much as she hated to admit, she could not refuse his hand.
  Resigning herself, she reached out to Soujyuro.
  But her hand never reached his.
  A small bell chimed.
  A line of wind whipped through the air.
  It cut through his waist, like a guillotine.
  Pieces began to fall.
  What were those things dropping before her eyes? Aoko could not remember who they belonged to.
"Sou...jyuro...?"
  That used to be his name, right? The name of whoever lay in the red snow in front of her.
  His face now rested on the ground beneath her chin.
  The smell of viscera assaulted her nostrils.
  A river of blood flowed from what used to be a stomach.
  It happened so fast.
  Too fast for her mind to process in fact.
  Her only solace was he probably did not suffer.
  How could she think that so calmly, especially after what she had witnessed? Her blood boiled at her own stupidity.
  Which begged the question...
How should she treat the one who did this?
  She had used all her anger on herself.
  She had none left to give anyone else.
  But this hatred was hers and hers alone.
  Her problem was this: could she muster the emotions from this drought of anger?
  She was not sure, but the thought of hunting them down made her smile unconsciously in anticipation.
  Aoko turned to the old school building, to where Touko was standing with her arm out in front of her.
  She had used the same rune magecraft she used against Aoko and Alice. Except Soujyuro had no Magic Crests.
  Touko's amber eyes were narrowed, staring intensely at the fallen corpse.
  As to what she might have been feeling, Aoko could not care less.
  Even if Touko felt regret, Aoko would never forgive her for as long as she drew breath.
"I should have killed you when I had the chance."
  Touko was not speaking to Aoko, but to the dead body.
  There was no response.
No clouds of breath.
  Coming to terms that he was truly dead, Aoko pushed herself up to her feet.
"That was surprisingly gruesome for you."
  Facing her sister in the distance, Aoko spoke hoarsely.
"But you made the right choice. Now we can finish this."
  She turned away from Soujyuro and stared at Aoko.
  They stood far apart.
  Farther apart than their positions made them seem.
  Though there was nothing left to say, the two of them exchanged words in respect of the fact they were once sisters.
"...Right. You've seen the aces up my sleeve: my Magic Crests, and the werewolf you've trumped.
  I've used all my crests up. And your trump card's been torn to pieces.
  Stalemate."
"Looks that way. I suppose I was naive, too. I should've known you wouldn't accept defeat after your werewolf failed.
  If you weren't so stubborn, you'd never have come back to Misaki.
  ...
I... really was naïve."
  It was clear to Touko that Aoko was trying to suppress her emotions.
  Aoko was right, though. Her sister had counted on Beowulf to succeed.
  As mages, no matter what cards Aoko or Alice had in their hands, they were helpless against the werewolf.
  But then, Soujyuro had shown up, and Touko couldn't win as long as he was around.
  Unfortunately, though he had stopped the werewolf, he had been defenseless against a mage.
  So she had to kill him.
  With Soujyuro out of the way, no one could hold Beo back.
  It would take time for him to recover, but as long as his wounds were only mental, that could be overcome.
  Alice and Aoko could try to attack again before he recovered, but Alice was being kept in check by the poison, so Touko still had the advantage.
  Stalemate, still.
  The battle would drag on.
  Unless Aoko were to use *it*.
  Powdery snow began to whirl around.
  The air around her wailed.
  It was magecraft that transcended all that was mystical-
  the gate to miracles beyond human comprehension, ready to show itself.
"You always did love to fight, Aoko."
  Touko released the crests maintaining the fields.
  With that, her grandfather would be freed, and the barriers around Misaki would be restored.
  Which was not what Touko wanted, but it was that or forfeit her life.
  The crests at her disposal were now twice as powerful as her sister's.
  Aoko gazed at this new threat with her eyes half-closed.
  None of this was her concern.
  Far removed from the situation, she was searching for something hidden deeper inside herself, desperate to reach it.
  There it was, an odd feeling, like picking up algae.
  It was not the fire of emotion. It was not solid, nor great.
  It must have been people meant by "rising to the occasion."
  Abandoning thought itself, Aoko held on to that feeling as she stared at her enemy.
"All right, Touko."
  She spoke softly, yet more loudly than a scream.
"You want True Magic? You've got it."
  Focusing her power into the dim crests on her right arm, she weaved the words together.
  A single incantation.
  A final, heartfelt farewell.
  A brilliant, blue-colored Magic, taking time back to when a certain someone had been blessed.
  Six days passed, the weather in that time sunny and clear.
  It first came to Soujyuro's attention when he was resting with Alice after spending all day cleaning.
"You're off work today, right, Soujyuro?"
  Aoko asked him in her usual manner immediately upon entering the drawing room.
  It was already nighttime, approaching nine o'clock.
  The afternoon's sunny weather had changed abruptly, and thick clouds were visible out the window.
  Awoken from his nonchalant daydreaming, Soujyuro tilted his head to the side and replied calmly.
"I'm off today, but why do you ask?"
"I'm making a trip home in a bit, so get your things ready."
  Soujyuro's peaceful expression had grown tense the moment she appeared.
  Unsure of what any of this had to do with him, he stole a glance at Alice, who was seated across from him.
  However, she looked surprised as well, her eyes widening ever so slightly as she studied the other two.
"Huh? What things?"
  He replied timidly, struggling to hide his bitterness at Aoko for waiting until the cleaning was finished before deciding to show up.
"Your things. Get them ready. It takes an hour to walk up the mountain, so make sure you dress accordingly."
  Soujyuro's expression only grew darker.
  The way she spoke made it sound like...
"You're taking Sizuki with you?"
  Alice spoke up before Soujyuro himself could manage to say anything.
  Aoko brusquely asked if there was a problem.
"I don't even want to go.
  But they keep asking me to stop by, so I'm gonna make a brief visit.
I just thought I'd bring Soujyuro along since he's free. That's all."
  She stood tall as if challenging her roommate to oppose her decision.
  Alice's face was dour as she gazed back.
  Soujyuro's irritation was obvious as well as he glared at Aoko.
  Of course, their unspoken objection had no effect on Aoko in the slightest.
"We're leaving at nine-thirty."
  Having said all she wanted, Aoko disappeared from the room once again.
  Alice and Soujyuro could only sit in dumbfounded silence.
"Alice? Is Aozaki's house very far from here?"
  He stared at the clock as he spoke. There were only ten minutes to go until half past the hour.
"It's at the edges of Misaki City. Four stops away by train, up on a small mountain.
  Though it's more like a hill by your standards, I'd imagine."
  Her expression had not changed, but her voice made it obvious she was in a poor mood. His complete obliviousness to this fact only showed how clueless he truly was.
"Gotcha. So if we leave now, we won't be able to make it back till tomorrow."
"Yes... If you even make it back."
  Each spoke to themselves as if there were no one else in the room.
  Those about to embark on a journey always feel a sense of dread, and he was no exception.
"Is Aozaki's place, like, haunted? With ghosts?"
  Alice did not say anything in response.
  All she did was raise her eyes from her teacup to stare wordlessly at him.
"What is it, Alice?"
  His question caused her to suddenly avert her eyes. Something seemed off about her today.
  The minute hand on the clock was about to reach thirty.
  Bothered as he was by Alice's odd behavior, Soujyuro had no choice but to stand up from the sofa and take his leave.
"Well, see you later."
  Soujyuro hurried through the drawing room.
  Alice kept staring at his back until he was gone.
  By the time he had changed in his room and returned to the foyer, Aoko was already waiting and ready to go.
  Furthermore, Alice was at her side and they were deep in conversation.
  She abruptly ended their chat as soon as he descended the stairs.
"All right, let's head out. Keep an eye on things while we're gone, okay, Alice?"
  She responded with a simple nod.
  There was determination in Aoko's step as she strode to the door.
  Soujyuro made to follow her as he donned his coat in the foyer.
"Hurry it up!"
  Her words made him pick up his pace, but he stopped suddenly, as if he had remembered something.
  He looked back at Alice as if to say that he had left the heater on in his room, or some other important matter.
"Bye. I'll be back as soon as I can, but try to stay awake this time while waiting for me, okay?"
  Alice blinked in shock at his unexpected request.
  Aoko looked on with arms folded as
  Soujyuro stood waiting for a response.
  Bewildered, Alice finally returned to the drawing room without uttering a single word.
  Her only response had been the very smallest of nods.
  They were headed for Akikoshiro train station.
  The night had grown late; it was nearly eleven o'clock.
  A train full of tourists went by in the opposite direction before the two finally arrived at the tiny station.
  The surrounding area was incredibly dark and quiet.
  In fact, it felt less like a station and more like a small boat dock.
  Soujyuro had a hard time imagining that many people came here, even during the day.
  It had only the absolute bare minimum necessary to greet the odd visitor.
  There were no convenience stores in sight, only fields and the streetlights that dotted the road.
  Aoko placed her ticket in front of the attendant who sat sleeping in his chair, and skimmed the train schedule.
  The last and only train back departed just after half-past midnight.
  Having confirmed her options, she headed hastily out of the station.
  The elderly station attendant was all alone...
  He had dozed off with both the heater and television still turned on.
  As he slept, his face looked completely content.
  The night felt vast in its darkness.
  The small train station had been rendered obsolete now that cars were commonplace.
  It was like a lone star shining in the night sky.
  Soujyuro thanked the attendant for his service before stepping out into the darkness. The man must have looked after the station for decades at this point, and would likely continue until the day he died.
  Outside the station, there was little in the way of human development. It could scarcely be called a village.
  There was not even an area out front for cars and buses to drop people off.
  Their eyes were met only with a panorama of flat fields interlaced with a lattice of footpaths.
  Though surely a sea of beautiful green in the summertime, during winter it was more like a wasteland.
  However, electric lights that felt strangely out of place illuminated one side of the dark vista.
  The cold only grew harsher as the night wore on.
  It relentlessly snatched all sensation from the fingertips.
  Aoko thus kept her hands in her pockets as she strode through the paths among the fields.
  She could feel the ground below through her shoes.
  Its softness was unlike that of the city, and for her it brought back countless memories.
  She had walked this path every day in middle school, after all.
"See the lights of that house in the middle of that mountain?
  That's my place."
  She pointed out a mountain that rose up before them with her finger.
  The journey looked like it would take about forty minutes on foot.
  For now, they remained among the rice fields, though their journey would continue beyond them.
  Aoko followed the path bathed in light without looking back.
  The path seemed to hang before them like a pier leading out into the darkness of the ocean.
  The closer they got to the mountain, the darker it became.
  All signs of the hustle and bustle of human life were absent.
  The dark stillness made the moon overhead seem dazzling.
  Its light transformed the mountain path from blackness into mere shadow.
  Though dark, their surroundings were not totally indiscernible.
  The seemingly unending path stretched on and on.
  Soujyuro, doing his best to match Aoko's pace, stole a momentary glance at the profile of her face.
  Did she not feel frightened in this quiet darkness, even with the moon to light the way?
  Her expression showed no outward signs of discomfort as she strode on in silence.
  In fact, this was how she always looked when she was trying to act tough.
  He had only had a month's experience with her, but that much he knew.
  There was obviously something on her mind she couldn't ignore, no matter how small it might be.
"Are you scared to be out here in the dark?"
  She responded to his tentative question with a surprising nod.
"Who wouldn't be scared walking on these paths at night?
  All you can do is endure and ignore it. If you can't do either, then you really shouldn't be strolling around in the middle of the night."
"I see. So why'd you bring me?"
"Didn't you hear what I said earlier? All this walking in the middle of nowhere is a waste of time. I wanted someone to talk to so it'd go by faster."
"Yeah, I guess you did say something like that."
  Soujyuro fell into silence.
  He was not bothered by what she said; rather, he was desperately searching for something to say in response.
  Their path through the night continued onward.
  Only the sound of their footsteps could be heard. Eventually, Aoko was unable to endure the silence any longer despite her best efforts.
"Talk about something, Soujyuro."
"But I don't have anything to talk about."
  He felt clueless and ashamed.
  He had been searching unsuccessfully for a topic throughout their awkward silence.
  Shocked though she was, Aoko let out a gentle sigh.
  At least for a moment, his simple earnestness was enough to make her forget all about her troubles.
"Don't be stupid. Make something up if you have to. It doesn't even have to be interesting. Anything will do."
  Her blunt retort was not entirely honest.
  She would surely scold him if he dared lie to her.
  Soujyuro said as much, reminding her of how she had claimed to hate lies.
  Naturally, she did not bother responding.
"Damned either way, I guess. I don't have anything else to talk about, but there is something I wanted to ask.
  You said anything goes, right?"
  A slight scowl crossed her face at his suggestion.
  But it lasted only a moment before she returned to her previous calm state.
"All right, go ahead. I'll probably forget as soon as we're done, anyway."
  She muttered her reply without making eye contact.
  Their destination in the mountains remained hidden from them, revealing not even a hint of its form.
  It had bothered him ever since that night.
  What was the truth behind it all, and how would the two sisters' drama unfold?
  Soujyuro decided to press Aoko for details.
"So what was it that Miss Touko wanted to accomplish?"
"I thought I told you. She wanted to get revenge against me, and then there's the whole coming in contact with the Root thing.
We already talked about the Swirl of the Root, remember?"
"It's like... the source of magecraft, right?"
"Right. And also its end goal.
  The place where all knowledge is recorded, where all matters are settled.
  To see, touch, and understand it makes even the impossible possible. It has gone by many names over the years, but you could say it's where God lives."
"God? So there's just one, then? Not a bunch, like in Shinto?"
"There you go again with your annoying questions.
  There are gods in everything around us, but there's also one big underlying force that existed way before all that."
"Who knows why an entrance to the Root is located in Misaki, but my grandfather discovered it and was able to create a new kind of Magic.
  But then he closed the way to the Root.
He said that if this path to God enabled us to create Magic, then no one should be allowed to go there."
"He has no intention of opening it again as long as we're alive, which made Touko crazy mad.
  She said that the path is meant to be explored, even if we aren't strong enough to handle what we find. And that you shouldn't be studying magecraft in the first place if you're afraid of getting killed."
"But my grandfather didn't appreciate her ambition.
  He refused to allow anyone to investigate the Root until a stronger heir was born. He's willing to pass on True Magic, just not the way to reach the Root.
  I understand where Touko's coming from, but I agree with my grandfather.
  I don't care about the Root, and anyway, to this day there haven't been any survivors. There's not even proof that it's really the seat of the gods."
  Her mood gradually soured as she spoke, and towards the end, it sounded more like a list of complaints.
  Despite her words, however, part of Aoko was unable to agree completely with her grandfather's decision.
  Soujyuro took note and followed up with a question about something he found strange.
"What did you mean about how there haven't been any survivors?"
"I meant that no one's ever come in contact with the Root and returned to talk about it. Not a single person in the entire world.
  Coming in contact with it means instant death. The soul of a mere human simply 'returns to the source,' so to speak. In other words, it gets sucked into the Root."
"That's why not even the greatest mages in history dared to touch it. Just coming close is enough to send them frantically trying to stabilize their magecraft."
  Soujyuro furrowed his brow at the oddness of it all.
"Then how does anyone know so much about this place?"
"Because there is one person who went and made it back."
"But you said there were no survivors..."
"Yeah, because everyone who's gone in turns into God, too."
  She spoke very matter-of-factly.
  As if it was only a minor detail about something that had happened the other day.
"So why would they even bother coming back to our world? Or maybe they can't, who knows.
  Being God is probably totally different than what we imagine. I doubt it's very fun."
"..."
  Whether they succeed or fail in their endeavor, those who reach the Root become unable to return to the normal world.
  Maybe the first person to become God felt lonely
  and spread the word about the Swirl of the Root in order to have others join them there.
  Or maybe they had so much work to do as God they just needed some help.
  None of it made any sense no matter how long Soujyuro thought about it.
"You think Miss Touko wanted to become a god?"
"Oh, please. She just wanted to know the truth.
  She doesn't care what happens to the next person. That's how she's always been. She just focuses completely on her goal and doesn't worry about what comes next."
"She's a bit on the extreme side, to be honest.
But geniuses always have an inhumane side to them like that. They work and work on their masterpiece without so much as considering what will happen once it's complete."
  Soujyuro wasn't sure whether she spoke out of disgust or respect.
"But she's still pretty considerate to others in the moment.
  Since she doesn't worry about the future, she focuses all her energy on the here and now."
  Aoko praised her sister's genius even while cursing her every being.
  Though her tone of voice was perfectly pleasant and lacked any audible animosity.
"Right. She does seem like she'd rather stay here."
  As soon as he spoke, he was struck by the meaning of Aoko's earlier words.
"I don't care about the Root."
  He realized that she must feel the same way as Touko.
  Still...
  There was one thing that had been bothering Soujyuro regarding Touko.
"What did you mean about turning her into a frog?"
  He ventured to bring up the topic no one had been talking about since it occurred.
  It had always seemed taboo to bring up, so the sense of transgression made him hesitate as he finally sought the truth.
"Exactly what it sounds like.
  Rune mages can shapeshift, so apparently that made her especially susceptible to the curse."
"That sounds like a bigger deal than you're making it out to be..."
  His stomach hurt from the stress of not knowing how to respond to her cavalier attitude.
"I mean... how is it even possible to turn someone into a frog?"
  He did not particularly want to ask, but it was the natural extension of his current line of inquiry.
  Aoko stared straight ahead as she lectured him, completely ignoring the pained expression on his face.
"So, there are two ways to go about it: a mind swap, or a reconfiguration of the person's physical form.
  Swapping minds is easy, but the effects don't last long.
  It feels like you're dreaming, and then there's a little jolt when you return to your body."
"Changing someone's physical form is more tricky, and it's hard to revert back before the spell ends.
  I used the physical reconfiguration approach, I guess.
  Something about reconstructing the base DNA sequence... I don't know, it's all gibberish to me! You can't explain magecraft with scientific jargon, anyway, right?"
  Aoko spoke as if it were not her own actions she were discussing.
  Apparently, she had been borrowing magecraft from her future self and could not use any of it in the present.
  Her actions had also created a looming threat that would come back to haunt them in ten years' time.
  Trying to comprehend even a fraction of all the intricacies involved made Soujyuro's head hurt.
"But several years from now, you'll know how to do stuff like that?
  Pretty scary if you ask me."
  Soujyuro was being completely honest with her.
  In response, Aoko only stared ahead blankly, eyes open wide.
  She looked like she wanted to scold him.
"Physical reconfiguration would be no problem for Alice even now, you know."
"Wait, what?"
"I said you should take her more seriously, remember?
  You really never listen.
  Know those dolls in her room? They're all that's left of people who opposed her."
"...Surely, Alice would never do something like that."
"That's exactly what I thought for the first six months or so."
  The light, cheerful laughter that followed only made her statement all the more chilling.
"It's not funny to joke like that, Aozaki."
"Do I look like I'm trying to make you laugh?"
  She was clearly making fun of him at this point.
  Unable to determine how serious to take what she had said, Soujyuro's mood and expression only grew darker.
His obvious dejection made Aoko smile with satisfaction.
"She shouldn't be able to be a witch in the first place if she agrees with what you're saying..."
  She gazed at him as they walked, her chest warm with emotion.
  The path they strode had shifted from footpaths through rice fields to a road climbing the mountain.
  It was surprisingly wide given the mountain's small size, though with no shortage of trees on either side.
  The forest road led them up to the top of the mountain.
  Wheel marks were etched into the dirt underfoot.
  No doubt the Aozaki family came through here by car.
  The only light at the summit was that of the moon and stars overhead; the bald mountaintop lacked streetlights and houses as well as vegetation.
  Near the top, the incline of their path began to even out.
  The road ended abruptly at a house, still a good way away before them.
  It was too far to make out the shape of the building, but Soujyuro assumed it was Aozaki's house based on the warm light coming from the windows.
"So, what should I do while you're busy with your family bonding time?"
  Soujyuro had a hard time imagining Aoko engaging in any sort of "family bonding time," but with effort, he could imagine that it must be a joyful time for her.
  He did not want to ruin that by intruding, which is why he brought up the subject now.
  If he had to, he would not have minded spending the night camping outside.
  Her reply was not what he had expected.
"You're going to go meet my grandfather.
  He might be able to erase your memories of everything that's happened."
  She stopped dead in her tracks as she spoke.
  The frank and open attitude she had shown all night was now gone.
"...Huh?"
  Soujyuro was too shocked to take another step forward.
  He turned back to look at her, having been walking a little ways ahead, and realized she was not joking.
"..."
  He stood still, taking in the glaring silence.
  Naturally, Aoko was the first to resume speaking.
"Nothing surprises you, does it?"
"No, I'm surprised. Of course I am. And now I understand why you wanted to bring me along."
"I wasn't lying about wanting someone to talk to, though. It just so happens that my grandfather also told me to bring you to see him."
  Soujyuro nodded in acceptance.
  He was as quiet and unchanging as the night around him.
  Aoko found it thoroughly irritating.
"Well, we should get going then. It gets cold when you stop moving."
"Soujyuro."
  Aoko's voice stopped him in his tracks just as he was about to resume walking toward her house.
"Are you sure you're okay with this?
  If he erases your memory, it'll be like this whole month never happened."
  Soujyuro murmured in understanding.
  The thought of returning to his old self and forgetting about Aoko, Alice, and the mansion altogether felt like giving up a treasure that he had discovered.
  But he didn't feel that he was unable to let them go, either.
"It would definitely be bad. It's been a fun month since I met you, and I just made that promise to Alice, too.
  But it's not like you'll disappear. We'll still see each other at school once winter break's over, right?"
  There was no answer from Aoko.
  She did not tell him that he was not the only one who would be losing their memory.
  Intervention by her grandfather would erase her own memories of Soujyuro, too.
  Once it was done, they would most likely never even speak with one another again.
  Each would become just another random student at school.
  Even if they did happen to meet by some lucky circumstance, things would not be the same as they were now.
  She could not deny that a small part of her was going to miss him.
"Right. Let's get going."
  She rationalized her feelings away instead of processing them and set off once more toward the house.
  Soujyuro followed along at her side.
  It was a matter of several minutes before they reached their destination.
  She was irritated to see that the expression on his face looked exactly the same as it always did.
  Forgetting their time together was sad for her, if only slightly so, but it did not seem to bother him in the least.
"Guess you can't expect much sensitivity from someone who has no problem putting themselves in harm's way by breaking both his..."
  Halfway through muttering her complaint, Aoko suddenly remembered.
  Or rather, she realized something.
  Something about the one-time werewolf killer before her.
  And the mystery of who Soujyuro Sizuki really was.
  The older version of herself that night had had memories and knowledge of Soujyuro beyond what she knew now.
  She knew something about this seemingly average boy's mistakes―
why he was able to do what he did, and why he was raised in the mountains in the first place.
  She had always wondered but never had a chance to ask him about it... until now.
  Once her grandfather was through with them, all those questions she had about Soujyuro would be gone, too.
"..."
  There was no point in asking right before they had their memories erased. But then again, she might as well if she was going to forget everything anyway.
  This was her only chance to demand an explanation for his contradictory behavior.
"Wait. There's one thing I wanted to ask you before this is all over.
  What was your life like when you lived in the mountains? What were you doing there?"
  Her questions stopped him on the spot.
  She had never seen him make such a pained expression.
"Why do you want to talk about something so boring?"
"I already told you I don't expect you to say anything interesting.
  I'm about to forget everything you say, so just humor me on this one, okay?"
  Her words and demanding gaze caused him to lift his head in surprise.
"...You mean you'll forget, too?"
"Of course. It would be pointless if I remember everything. We won't be able to make a clean break unless we both forget.
  It makes sense when you think about it.
So, quit looking at me like that."
  Soujyuro's hand shot up to cover his mouth in response.
  He had no idea what kind of look he had been giving her, but he had a feeling it had been pretty pathetic.
"So we'll both forget...
  ...
I wasn't expecting that."
"Yeah, so we won't see each other anymore. You never know, but most likely not."
  Thus, this would be their last conversation.
  The way she spoke made it obvious, even if he had been unaware of what awaited him.
  Soujyuro might see her walk by at school and feel a desire to talk,
  but they would have no reason to interact.
Even if he tried to strike up a conversation, he knew she was not the type to bother much with other people.
  More importantly, he was not the type to strike up conversations in the first place. Not the way he had been a month ago, at least.
  That was when he finally realized how cruel it could be to forget something.
  Not only would he forget what they had done together, he would not so much as know her name or even be aware that she existed.
  Even if he felt strangely drawn to her, he would never understand why.
  Even if some lucky twist of fate brought them together, things would never be the same.
  Their walk that night was no less than a funeral for them both.
  He would essentially kill the person he knew as Aoko Aozaki,
  and she would kill the person she knew as Soujyuro Sizuki.
  Afterward, nothing would remain.
"That's why I wanted to ask. But if you don't want to talk about it, we can just go straight inside instead."
"That would be sad.
Okay, I guess it's better than not talking at all. But don't blame me if it's boring."
  Muttering under his breath, Soujyuro set off towards the house once again.
  This time it was Aoko who matched his pace.
  There were only minutes left before their path came to its end.
  The cold air turned their breath into white puffs that hung frozen in the dark night.
  Looking back on their conversation later,
  Aoko would think it seemed more of a confession than anything else.
  For Soujyuro, however, it was like one long, poorly told fairy tale.
"Life in the mountains was nothing special.
 We were taught and did the exact same things every day.
  There never was such a thing as tomorrow.
Things started in the morning and ended when night came; the days weren't linked in any way.
 So I never had any hopes or dreams about the future."
"Looking forward to the next day was a totally foreign concept until I moved here.
  It was hard to get used to at first, and I didn't particularly even want to.
  But everybody kept saying 'See you tomorrow!' with such confidence. Before I knew it, I started dreaming about tomorrow, too."
  Soujyuro kept walking as he spoke.
  He stared straight ahead as if telling his story to the night itself, not once turning to face Aoko.
  For her part, Aoko was utterly silent.
  She knew it was pointless to so much as nod or ask a question.
"One day, I woke up and got started like any other day, but then I realized someone whom I'd seen every day was suddenly gone.
  I asked around, and apparently they'd started feeling unwell during the night. Sometimes, people who can't sleep go out on a walk by themselves, you know?
  A while later, people discovered a familiar-looking corpse at the bottom of the cliff."
"Now that I think about it, that was pretty strange...
  It never would've happened if we'd all been living together, but no one was bothered by it. Maybe people didn't value each other since everyone lived on a day-to-day basis."
"There wasn't much to eat in the mountains. To avoid starvation, we often went to places most people wouldn't go. Lots of people died on the way, too."
"No one would even dream of stealing from others in the mountains. 
  When you're out searching for food, the only things you need to watch out for are dogs and bears, not other people.
 Here things are the other way around, though.
  Anyway, half our time was taken up just with that."
  Soujyuro continued to stare straight ahead.
  He did not seem troubled by his memories.
  To Aoko's ears, it sounded like he was describing a place no one in their right mind would want to live as if it were perfectly normal. It was almost as if he missed it.
  But from that point onward, he slowly began to show more signs of distress as he spoke.
"The other half of our time was spent learning how to defend ourselves.
  It wasn't much compared to classes at school now. They just told us to notice how our bodies move and how other animals' bodies move, and had us think about it.
  We repeated some simple drills. Kicking stones, surviving in the forest, stuff like that."
"Once we got into one of those sessions, night and day no longer mattered.
  We didn't have the energy to notice the time of day. Sometimes you'd go a long time and realize you hadn't eaten anything for ages.
  I mean, we did get food eventually, so don't feel bad for us or anything."
"I still have no idea why we did that stuff, though.
  But it definitely made living in the mountains easier, so I just accepted it as what we had to do.
  I thought that was how life was for everyone. It felt natural and even necessary to do all that training."
"Uh, Soujyuro?"
  His tone was totally indifferent, but the strangeness of it all forced Aoko to interject.
  He glanced at Aoko and nodded as if to show he knew what she was thinking.
"I know it sounds strange. The training definitely seemed like it was for something more than just self-defense.
  I have a feeling the people who sometimes disappeared actually left the mountain for some other reason."
"But I never thought about any of that then.
  I accepted it all without really knowing what was going on or having any qualms about it, without knowing whether people were even still alive.
  Maybe some people would judge me for what I did. I don't know.
  But I do know one thing.
  If I hadn't learned about the outside world, I probably would've stayed there without a care in the world forever."
"You would've kept living on the verge of death like that? Even though you didn't like it?"
  He did not respond to her question.
  From then on, they continued walking in silence.
  Aoko could not stop thinking about all the contradictions and absurdities in what he had said.
  The imbalance in his education, for one.
  His knowledge of the basics of human life was thorough, yet he knew next to nothing about modern technology.
  He always said he was not good at socializing, but he seemed accustomed to talking and discussion.
  His upbringing could not have happened that way by chance; it was most certainly an environment purposefully constructed by some third party.
  Aoko had no idea what that purpose could be, or who the third party was, though.
  Why would anyone want to create someone with a background like Soujyuro's?
  Was it all part of a grander plan? Or, was there really a place deep in the mountains where it was normal to live like that?
  He had asked about this once in his home in the mountains, apparently.
  When he expressed his confusion, an elder had taken him aside, saying,
"This is just how things have always been around here, boy.
  There's no reason to keep doing it, but there's also no reason to stop."
  With a laugh, the elder chose a new identity and life outside the mountains for young Soujyuro and sent him off to live on his own.
  Aoko's home loomed at the end of their path.
  It was a generic home without any real distinguishing features.
  It seemed as if a house from town had been picked up and dropped here. One could imagine the residents were peaceful people who engaged in farming and raising animals in their spare time.
  Gazing at what lay before him, Soujyuro finally opened his mouth to answer Aoko's earlier question.
"I would have. If I'd never learned about the outside world, I would've stayed there forever. But now I know, and I can never go back.
Coming here made everything simple.
  Someone once told me that no one wants a bird that can't sing.
  It's the same when you learn the truth about something you'd never questioned before. Once you know the truth, you just don't want it in your life anymore."
"No matter how badly I want to be back in the mountains, I can't live like that anymore. There's no point even trying.
  Once I learned that things meant something, I couldn't just blindly believe things anymore. That's why I left the mountains.
  But who knows...
  That was all I'd ever known.
  It was all I'd ever been taught to do.
That's why..."
  There had been only one problem with his life in the mountains: himself, for having questioned it.
  It was all his mistake.
  He muttered as much to himself, his voice dripping with criticism.
  In Aoko's opinion,
  the world he described was, in a sense, perfect.
  The best environment to achieve a goal was one in which all elements extraneous to that goal had been removed.
  As long as the people involved had no concept of morality, they would consider the immoral to be correct.
  No; even "correctness" would be a foreign concept.
  Only one thing was for sure:
 the world Soujyuro had come from was frozen in time.
  That was what made his tragedy possible.
  A world of wrongdoing and mistakes
      had created a human riddled with
        mistakes as well.
  Soujyuro understood that it was wrong, and yet he still thought it beautiful even now.
  Regardless of what the truth behind it might have been, he considered that world perfect.
  He only blamed himself for having learned what existed outside that world.
  Just earlier, he'd said that he would have been happier.
"If I'd never learned about the outside world, I would've stayed there forever."
  He surely felt the weight of the sinful words he spoke more deeply than anyone else.
  That's why he still wondered:
  What had gone awry?
  Whose fault was it, really?
  He did not want to answer these questions alone. He wanted her to state it clearly for him.
  There was a moment of silence that felt like an eternity before she spoke.
"...I can't answer those questions for you."
  Her reply came quietly.
  She had an answer, but she couldn't tell him―
  it was a struggle for her to tell such a bold-faced lie.
  The boy reflected deeply on what she said.
  He knew right away that her words were coming from a place of kindness.
"Yeah, I understand.
 Now I can appreciate your kindness during those early days."
  A pleasant look floated across his face, at which Aoko could only scowl.
"What do you mean?
  I haven't been any nicer to you than I normally am."
"Well, you're not very nice normally, are you?"
  She found herself unable to offer any protest against such a blunt statement.
  It was because she knew he was correct.
"I... guess you're right. I'm not very nice."
  Soujyuro smiled in response to her vaguely sad consent as if to say, "Told you so."
  His indulgent smirk arose from his sense of personal pride in the situation.
  It was both warm-hearted and uncomfortable, causing Aoko to instantly regret her question.
  If only she had asked about something else, something random that did not matter, then she never would have ended up in a mood like this.
  Only a few minutes remained until their path came to an end.
  Surrounded by a wooden fence, the house resembled an inn for passing travelers in winter.
  The light spilling out from the window brought to mind images of a lively dinner table, quite the opposite of the current mood between the two.
"Sorry. I shouldn't have pried."
  Aoko stopped at the entrance to the yard.
  Did she feel compelled to apologize despite―no, because it was their last conversation?
  Soujyuro's only response was to shrug it off.
"There's still a lot to talk about."
  He looked up at the house they had hiked so far to reach, his breath hanging white in the air.
  All signs of gloom were gone from Soujyuro's face as he nodded.
"I think talking about it helped me reflect on the past. So I appreciate it.
  Besides, it's all in the past now.
  Maybe I can continue the story the next time we have a chance to talk."
  He turned his head to face Aoko with an ephemeral smile.
  He was his usual, nonchalant self, the same as every other day.
  Aoko prayed that day would never come.
  For her own peace of mind, but also for the wellbeing of this very unique boy.
(There probably won't be a next time.)
  Then she pointed in the direction of a cave hidden by a small forest on the other side of the house.
"My grandfather's in the cave over there, so you should go see him.
  I actually wanted to ask about something else, but whatever. The spell will wear off at midnight anyway, right?"
  A sarcastic grin spread across her face as she spoke.
  And so Soujyuro walked off, totally clueless as to what fairy tale she was referencing.
  The forest felt so far from the house to Aoko that it was like a different place on earth altogether.
  In reality it wasn't far at all, only five minutes away.
"Farewell, Sizuki."
  She said it to herself as she watched him simply walk away without turning back.
  Though he wasn't meant to hear her words of parting, they apparently reached his ears anyway.
"Right. See you around town tomorrow."
  He raised his hand in farewell and then disappeared into the forest.
  As soon as she was sure he was gone, she turned her gaze to the sky.
  That night the stars were even more beautiful than the moon.
  He had been looking at her fondly only moments before, and now he was gone into the forest with only a brief word of parting. It did not feel real.
  And with that she finally understood, if a little too late to matter.
  She understood who had truly been the strange and unusual one.
  Anyone could have ended up behaving like Soujyuro.
  But not many could keep talking on and on the way he did.
  Everything he had done was now perfectly sensible in light of his former life in the mountains.
  As a Magician she was supposed to make miracles happen,
  but he had arrived at a miracle of his own through the trials and tribulations of following what he considered to be common sense.
"I could never take down a bear with my own hands, after all."
  It was pretty impressive.
  Soujyuro's own magic was so mundane to him that it made him depressed to talk about it, but even so...
  It was the kind of brilliance only possessed by humans.
  She pulled her eyes back down from the starry sky and began to walk.
  The lights were on inside the entrance and the door was unlocked.
  Aoko rolled up her sleeves and checked the time―one hour left until midnight.
  She had just barely managed to satisfy her parents' request to visit before the end of the year.
  Placing her hand on the door, she took a deep breath.
  She promptly stifled the faint affection and sadness she had been feeling.
  It was her first time back in two years.
  Upon entering high school two years ago, she had begun living on her own.
  How time flew by. For some reason, the memories began to race through her mind.
  There she stood, one hand on the door, reflecting on the past.
  Once the door was open, she would be staring at her future instead.
  Her hand holding the doorknob began to move.
  She was met with the warm scene she expected, though strangely different than that of her memories.
  It was comforting to encounter something familiar after being away for so long.
  And so it was with small, unspoken gratitude that Aoko returned to her home.
  Without stopping to ring the doorbell, she called out with a smile, "I'm home!"
  The moment Soujyuro stepped inside, he was struck with a strange feeling of familiarity.
  It was not mere nostalgia either. No, it reached further back into the past.
  It was a feeling from far beyond what he could even imagine.
  He was reminded of someone, but he could not remember whom.
  Perhaps he was only reminded of himself, or perhaps of the old man before him now in the cavern.
  It appeared to be an old man, anyway. Soujyuro could not make out any details beyond a vague outline.
  As far as he could tell, the figure did not seem to have anything in the way of a face capable of making expressions.
  All he knew was that the smoke-like figure before him was the one Aoko called "Grandfather."
"I want to thank you for everything you did for my girls."
  Though hoarse, the old man's voice was powerful and rang throughout the cavern.
"It was fate that we would meet. Tell me, what is it you wish for?"
"I don't wish for anything. But there is something I'd like to ask you.
  Why are you making those two fight each other?"
"I cannot provide an answer to that. Theirs is a story outside my control."
"I heard you were the one responsible for it."
"The stars are to blame; the two were given incompatible talents. This is simply how they respond to one another. Whenever they're together, they find a way to fight, not through any design of mine.
  They used to keep enough distance to avoid conflict, though. Perhaps the things they fought over were more innocuous. Or perhaps they were very serious, in which case they must have suffered immensely.
  You value a spirit of coexistence even when you can see that it would harm you. But the girls chose not to follow that path."
"So you're putting the blame on them. Even though the reasons for their fighting all lead back to you."
"Indeed. The girls' fighting is a reflection of their lives. I take zero responsibility for the reasons for which they do it."
"You mean there's zero physical proof of your involvement?"
"No. The claim is simply meaningless.
  When the girls were born―the only real line of causality you can draw between us―I had already left this era. They have given rise to all events since. I played no intervening role."
"If either of them reaches the end of their time in this realm, or even if they both do, it matters not to me.
  In fact, I have never considered that to be of importance.
  A life―a title deserving the value I can offer has not yet come to be.
  Whatever may happen between the two of them, it doesn't change what I have to do."
"You mean all you care about is getting your heir, no matter whether Aoko lives or dies?"
"In a manner of speaking, yes. That's why my body has yet to disappear."
  The steamy energy that filled the cavern made Soujyuro's head reel.
  The moment Aoko and Touko were born, their grandfather seemed to have completely forgotten that they were his granddaughters.
  It was hard to imagine a satisfactory Aozaki heir ever being born.
  No amount of power would satisfy the old man.
  He showed no signs of compromise or restraint.
"I assume you know Aoko threw everything away for this."
  There was nothing but silence.
However, this short moment of quiet would occur only once.
  The unreadable outline of the old man grew blurrier still.
  Long ago...
  a child wandered into the cave, her karma empty.
  The old man automatically granted her request born from innocence and ignorance.
  He was a Magician who had given up his ego in order to extend his own lifespan, and he did whatever he could to help the child.
  It had been an incredible coincidence to happen that day.
  Faced with the sin that she had invited, the child had glared at the old man with tear-filled eyes.
  "Everything will be lost. It will happen, completely and without warning, thanks to the failure of a nobody―thanks to you," he had declared.
  The child threw a tantrum at how unfair it all was.
  The Magician claimed that was merely the way of the world. 
  The child stood up to him. "Shut up, old man."
  And then...
  Yes, and then,
  the child ran around in tears trying to make the old man pay for the cost of a life, at the cost of all lives.
"You're mistaken, boy."
  Perhaps that's how it happened.
"She didn't throw anything away.
She lives to make her past more beautiful."
  That role had likely come to an end long ago, however.
  The old man's appearance seemed to change before Soujyuro's eyes.
  For just a brief moment, he wavered in the air as if in a haze.
"Let me correct your error. The girls understand me very well. In fact, I think they understand me better than I do myself.
  I am not concerned with who they are, and likewise, they don't appreciate who I am.
  I doubt thoughts of my absence have ever crossed their minds."
"They've always been so proud in all their fighting, unwilling to debase themselves.
It's cruel to expect you to deal with all that, though.
  You seem to be through asking questions now.
  It's my turn.
  What is your name?"
  Soujyuro answered the old man's question.
  The smoky face seemed to frown, quivering ever so slightly.
"How unexpected. You say you're all alone, and yet the meaning of your name implies the existence of multiple, bearing the character for 'ten.'
  It doesn't suit you. No, not at all.
  But I think it is correct. When in a place of imbalance, one needs an imbalanced name to match.
  Rare, yes, but also worthless.
  Resigning oneself to affirmation stems from a will to die. A one-time talent in a single generation means nothing if there is no one to continue the family line."
"I was interested in the way you were able to influence Aoko... but ultimately, you did not meet expectations.
  It seems the time was spent for nothing.
  You are bound together for the time being, but it is inevitable that you will go your separate ways.
  Now, begone.
  I have no use for the dead. We will not meet again."
  Everything grew blurry.
  Soujyuro's memories began to fade.
  It had been a conversation without any answers...
  an encounter without any significance, now vanished completely like a dream.
  The air was cold, the sky beautiful.
  The evening sky at the end of each day looked different from the last.
  Each sunset could be seen for one day, and one day only.
  Though the sky may not look dramatically different to the human eye from one day to the next,
  every day we wake up a new person and forget the beautiful sights, the moments of heartbreak, and all the other fleeting feelings that seemed so real the day before.
  Simple statements such as these felt all the more profound in the still air of the mountains, more bone-piercing than the winter cold itself.
  Soujyuro stared up at the sky as if he'd forgotten when and where he was.
  Aoko's look of stunned surprise brought him back to the present.
"Aozaki. That was fast."
  Soujyuro turned to face Aoko, who had only just stepped outside her family's yard.
  At first she had been too shocked to move or speak, but she quickly regained her composure and marched forward.
  She continued until she was standing right before him, with an intense scowl on her face.
  Soujyuro slouched instinctively, bracing for impact.
  He had not the slightest idea what could have made her so angry.
"What are you still doing here?"
(After I finally managed to convince myself that things were over.)
  She was obviously irritated with him, in any case. The anger would have to subside before she could decide whether she was happy or sad to see him.
  Humans get angry when things do not go the way they had hoped.
"It's hardly been more than ten minutes.
  How can you be standing here?"
  It was supposed to have taken an entire day for her grandfather to erase his memories from the past month.
  She had been planning to let her grandfather handle all the details, and yet here Soujyuro was, staring dumbly at the sky.
(He's no astrologer. He just likes looking at the night sky.)
  Bombarded with Aoko's unspoken emotion, he proceeded to explain himself.
"He gave me a message for you.
  He said you shouldn't go around asking other people to erase my memories. You should do it yourself. Apparently he wanted me to come just to have someone to complain to."
  Hearing this, Aoko finally began to feel like herself again.
  Despite having been ready to dish out the punishment only a few moments earlier, she now felt quite calm.
"Huh.
  Well, he's right that it's not like me to expect someone else to clean up my messes."
  The intense look in her eyes slowly faded to her usual mildly irritated expression.
  It relieved Soujyuro to see her like this.
  She was finally back to her normal self.
"If that's enough for you, then let's get going.
  We'll miss the last train if we don't hurry."
  With that he walked off without waiting for an answer.
  Aoko stared at his retreating figure for a brief moment before quietly cursing him under her breath and following after him.
  Their descent back to the station was much easier than the way there.
  A sheet of darkness spread out below them.
  There in the middle of that ocean of black was a single light: the tiny, glowing station.
  They walked for some time in silence.
  Aoko recalled their earlier conversation and felt she had been too naive.
  She should have avoided all the serious stuff if this was how things were going to end up.
  Soujyuro, meanwhile, was thinking of nothing at all, just like usual.
  For him the silence felt quite natural, while for her it was awkwardly uncomfortable.
  Suddenly Soujyuro blurted out the strangest thing without thinking.
"We should pick up some mochi for Alice on the way back."
  Aoko's eyes grew wide, her pupils reduced to mere points.
  Aoko had so many questions going around in her head she wanted to rail at the paradox that was Soujyuro.
"Mochi? Why?"
"As a gift. We left her all alone at the mansion, we should do something nice for her. It'll make her happy."
  Aoko raised her hand to her head in concern.
  Unprotected by the warmth of a pair of gloves, her slender fingers were white from the cold.
(I don't think she'll be happy, but maybe coming from Soujyuro it'll be okay...?)
  His seemingly selfless attitude came in handy sometimes.
  Alice would most likely accept his gift without making a scene.
"Gotcha. She's the type to resent something like that and hold a silent grudge over it, though.
  Why does the gift have to be mochi, anyway?"
"Well, I get the feeling she's never eaten one before."
  All Aoko could do in response to such a simpleminded observation was nod in agreement.
  The image of Alice eating mochi popped into her head and suddenly the prospect of getting back to the mansion felt a little more exciting.
"You really are a regular space cadet, you know that?
  Speaking of which, since when have you and Alice been on such good terms? Did something happen?"
  Aoko peered at him the way she would at a strange specimen as he took a deep breath and launched into an earnest explanation.
"I don't think there's any particular time I can point to when it happened.
  But if I had to I'd say, it started the first time we spoke. And we got a lot closer after talking that time in the foyer, too."
"...That's it?"
"Yeah. Getting to know someone is all about little moments like that, wouldn't you agree?"
  Soujyuro seemed to find her question odd.
  The way he and Alice communicated went beyond words.
  Aoko could only assume that was how he did it.
"Come to think of it, you've always just called her 'Alice' and not by her surname."
"Have I? I don't even remember now. More importantly, though, why are you so mad?"
"I'm not mad."
  Her response was slightly cold, but also somehow gentle.
  They approached the halfway point of the mountain path.
  The night sky appeared more distant as they neared the bottom, and Soujyuro continued to stare absentmindedly at the stars.
  Then it finally hit her why his behavior had been bothering her since their ascent.
  She realized he must be feeling nostalgia.
  He missed the way the stars looked from up in the mountains.
"...
Aozaki?"
  He spoke without looking down from the heavens.
"I've been meaning to ask, do you have anything you regret?"
  Soujyuro's breath was white in the night air, his hands jammed in his pockets.
  Aoko had the vague feeling somewhere deep inside that he was only a figment of her imagination.
"Where did that question come from?"
"Just answer it. I want to know.
Do you have any regrets or not?"
  It was a sad thing to be asked.
  He would be hurt one way or another no matter how she answered.
  But he wanted an answer, and so she gave him one.
"Regrets? Of course not. I make a point to live my life with no regrets.
  Regrets aren't something you have, Soujyuro. They're something you get rid of."
"..."
  Soujyuro grunted in response.
  He bit his lip and pushed down the flood of emotions that rose up inside him.
  He waved his hand slightly without actually raising it, as if to shoo away something formless and odorless.
"So regrets are just something to get rid of, huh?"
  Pain was subtly visible on his face as he spoke.
  And yet it was so vivid.
  As much as he wanted to he did not have the strength to say it aloud. He was not like her, able to speak her mind so readily.
  Maybe someday...
  The sky and the darkness were both far away now.
  Tonight's grand view, only to be seen this once. He hoped its beauty would remain in his mind forever.
  But what then of the regrets he had come to hold inside, of the days he had spent that now shone like stars in the sky? Would they too be with him forever?
"Nice sky tonight. It's a much better view than the one from town."
  Aoko mimicked Soujyuro, looking up at the darkness overhead.
  The stars shone brighter here than in town.
  This clarity was thanks to the absence of any other lights amidst the darkness.
  Soujyuro stared at her with almost a sense of loathing.
  As beautiful as the stars were, they were not the real thing, not here.
"Yeah. But they're still too far to ever reach."
"Huh?"
  Soujyuro's sudden negativity caused her to turn to him in shock.
  The anger in his eyes had died down now.
  Taking a breath, he began to speak as if talking to himself.
  His gaze never left the stars.
"It's not like this in the mountains. There the stars feel so close. Even if they're technically too far away to touch, it really feels like you could just reach out and grab them.
The stars in the city don't give you that feeling."
  He was speaking of the sky in its purest state.
  The starry skies in the mountains far exceeded those of any urban planetarium.
  Their movement was like the pouring of rain.
  He spoke of the primal sky, unchanged from the past. The same sky humans had traced with their fingers since prehistoric times.
  For him it was a past to which he could never return, a place to which he did not even know the way back.
"I used to compare everything here to the mountains. I really hated it then. And I'm still not used to it now.
  At some point I'll start looking at the mountains from a city-dweller's perspective, I'm sure. The mountains are in my past now."
  That was his one regret.
  He lowered his gaze from the stars and turned to Aoko.
  Her eyes were unusually hesitant, and looked slightly hurt.
  Was it empathy they showed, or pity?
  Either way, he was the reason for the uncharacteristic look on her face now.
  He shut his eyes and nodded in response to her unspoken question.
"It's true. I can't help it.
  But if this is the way it's going to be, I've got to make the most of it.
  So that someday I can stop seeing it as a regret."
  There was gratitude in Soujyuro's voice as he confessed his feelings.
  Remnants from the past must one day be released.
  Loss must be overcome.
  He had lost it, his everything, the moment she had answered his query.
"Oh, cut it out. Don't act like I caused some kind of turning point in your life."
  She smiled weakly and averted her eyes as she spoke these hurtful words.
  Most likely she was being completely honest, and in that she was being true to herself.
"So what did you and my grandfather talk about?
  It's rare for him to care about anyone besides himself."
  The topic had finally been broached, and yet Soujyuro said nothing.
  An empty reply can be used to buy time.
  They had nearly reached the flat road at the base of the mountain.
  The soft earth here would soon give way to the tightly packed dirt of the paths running between the rice fields.
  But before they got that far, Soujyuro came to an abrupt halt.
  Closing his eyes he listened carefully.
  He then gave a firm nod and turned to face Aoko.
"Congratulations, Aozaki."
  She blinked, not knowing what to make of it.
"What's with you all of a sudden?"
  It was a perfectly natural response.
  The tension melted from his face as he said,
"Happy New Year."
  He now wore a smile full of joy.
"..."
  Dumbfounded, all Aoko could do was stare back at his calm visage.
  His surprise attack hit her so hard she thought she could hear the shrine bell in Yashirogi ringing in the new year.
  She had known it was the last day of the year but had not given it much thought beyond that.
  And so his succinct words gave her quite the shock.
  As if the girl who believed in the power of the bell all those years ago had come back.
"Oh, right... It's midnight now so the new year is here."
  She spoke in a hushed tone as if this were shocking news.
  At the same time, a slight smile crept onto her face.
  A new year, indeed...
  She recalled the first time she had worn a full-length kimono, how she had not been particularly uncomfortable or embarrassed, but not especially pretty, either.
  The only pretty thing about her had been the moment she smiled at herself in the mirror.
  Seeing the warmth in her eyes, Soujyuro closed his own in satisfaction. It made him happy to see her like that.
"Well, a lot happened in the past year.
  But I'm glad to be able to start a new one with you."
  With that he went walking off once more.
  The thought of Alice waiting alone was probably what spurred him into action.
  Aoko recalled his words as she walked alongside him.
  The moment he had declared the start of a new year...
  The way he had spoken so naturally... It made her suddenly feel like they had known each other for years.
  She could not be blamed for being filled with happiness at the thought.
  And yet a day would surely come when they would have to say their goodbyes.
  Until then, however, it would not do any harm to behave as if they were old friends.
  He was a naïve yet incredibly unique young man.
  As they walked, she wondered how long this fleeting feeling of friendship would last.
  She looked up wistfully at the sky, just the way Soujyuro had done earlier on their walk.
  Every star was out, without a cloud in the sky.
  The two strode down the mountain path, beneath stars that lay ever beyond their reach.
            It was on a lazy Sunday morning
            that I discovered the book.
  Was I an intruder... No, no, *adventurer*. Either way, I'd made my way into the forbidden Kuonji Estate library.
  The book instantly drew my attention as it looked like it had been intentionally hidden there on the bookshelf.
  It was large enough to double as a shield and so took great effort for me to remove it from the shelf.
  Flipping through I realized it was a grimoire of rune magecraft, and a first edition at that.
  Surprised as I was by my find, my search came to a halt on the page I'd been looking for.
  It was the rune for memory erasure that the Nordic gods had once used on a valkyrie.
  For minutes I simply stared at the page where the rune methodology was laid out.
And then, finally, I shut the book.
  I returned it to the shelf in an even harder to detect location than where I'd originally found it. That's when it hit me.
  I'd seen this book before somewhere.
  When and where exactly had I seen it, though?
  Yeah... It was when he first invited me to spend time with him.
  The girl sitting before me had it in hand at the time.
  That must have been it.
  Unable to keep the smile off my face, I decided to put the book back exactly where I'd found it.
  It would be most difficult to find when mixed in with the other books on the shelf; however, out of respect for her gracious efforts I decided to pretend I'd never seen it at all.
  I shelved my discovery, so to speak.
  That's when I heard the shouting of a familiar voice in the main building.
  Lately, he seemed to have found his calling as a housekeeper and had taken to cleaning every corner of the mansion.
  That was all well and good, but there were a few things that were off-limits, which neither Alice nor I dared touch.
  He was the type to open things without asking, which put us all in hot water.
  There had been an uproar when he released the ghost ship that Alice's mother had kept around.
  Catching that little speed demon known as the Cutty Sark had been quite the ordeal.
I still felt bad for having to rely on that creepy golden wolf for help.
  And before that, he'd lifted the seal on the troupe of spirits in the basement,
  which had led to the even creepier people from the Church coming to the mansion for an entire week.
  Going back even further, there was also the time he'd ventured unsolicited into Alice's room. In the ensuing chaos, I fell into the mirror, and we almost ended up in an all-out war with Alice.
  Come to think of it...
  He really and truly lacked any capacity for learning.
"That idiot needs to get a handle on himself!"
  The good mood I'd been in up until that moment was spoiled, and I went dashing out of the library.
  I imagined coming upon the architect of my troubles standing there in the hallway and giving him the swift dropkick to the face he deserved.
  As far as I was concerned, that would be just another fun day in the mansion.
  And so our little secret remained hidden on the bookshelf...
  ...likely never to be opened again.
      The Wonderful World of...
                  Ploys.
    Pathetic humans who know nofink of magic or incantations.
    High school firsties in blue sweaters tryin' to make it big
    only to be one-upped by the superior heroine...
      Good evening.
      It's time for my new series of lectures, where I tell you about the most
      esoteric of topics in the most esoteric of ways.
                    ...
        I am your host, the Great Three plus one,
        Robin the Crook.
      I've invited my Angel Mum 'ere tonight to
      act as your teacher.
      I mean, we are 'ere in her room after all!
      She wouldn't come down to the studio
      so I decided to bring the camera up to her.
  I'm thinkin' outside the cage, as they say.
  If the guest won't turn up of her own volition,
  why not shoot the show in her lovely chambers?
  Can we just get started already?
  I want to finish this and get out of here as soon as possible.
    Ah, you're embarrassin' me!
    You put me in a right two and eight!
                ...Why?
      Ah, well, I took it as
      "I want to finish this nonsense so I can have some quality
      private time with you instead."
Human language sure is a deep blue tit.
Honestly, I barely have any grasp of what anyone is ever tryin' to say.
  Quite.
  I actually agree with you for once.
      Hah! I never knew you put so much trust in me gab!
      I'm not sure I can bear the pieces 'o eight.
      Won't that heft just make me quake?
                  Robin...
                Ah, right.
So in this lesson, I'll be discussin' the most basic of basics^when it comes to familiars.
I promise this'll be bright and breezy for ye newbies of magery.
That's why it's "The Wonderful World of Ploys," after all!
  So tell us, Miss Alice, what exactly are familiars?
  Explain it for someone who's never seen
  or even heard of such a thing.
          Okay. So familiars are sort of like
          robots that a mage controls.
Magecraft has always been a practice that requires mages to hole up inside their workshops for extended periods of study. We need an entity we can trust to collect materials, keep watch on the outside world, and eliminate outside threats for us.
  They're basically like a pawn.
  'Ow they different from a disciple?
    They are different in many ways.
    A master passes down wisdom to a disciple in the hopes that^    one day the disciple will succeed them.
    It is in fact a disciple's duty to surpass their master,
    and a master would not accept a disciple they did not feel^    was capable of achieving that.
      Conversely, familiars are only capable of the abilities that^      they are imbued with at the time of their creation.
      You can't pass down any skills or wisdom to an entity that^      never grows.
I see. Guess that's why I never seem to learn anythin' new no matter 'ow many donkey's ears pass. Put another way, I've been perfect since birth.
                  Yes, perfectly useless.
  Many familiars are created by using a small animal as a base.
  That's because many familiars require magical energy from their^  mage owner to operate.
The larger the familiar, the more magical energy is required.
Small animals are convenient because they don't require much magical energy to create, and once they're made they can subsist on their own.
  Subsist? I've never 'unted for anyfing in me life!
  I don't need protein or fiber or nothin' like that!
  Right. Ploys are different from other living creatures.
  Anyway my point is, familiars are like servants or pets to mages.
It's common to use animals like cats, birds, or mice as familiars.
  Miss Alice, what about this dangerous-^  looking character 'ere?
  What category would they be in?
  This is an automaton, designed specifically for use in combat.
  It's really more like a sentinel than a familiar, to be honest.
    Automata are a special case, entirely separate from the concept^    of a familiar.
    Intelligent familiars who can get along with humans like yourself
    are also a special case.
That said, they're a waste of energy-just too expensive to make.
It would be faster for the mage to do most of the tasks on her own,
and she can make a familiar with cheaper materials.
      It's a case of the ends not really
      justifyin' the means, eh?
  So from what you're sayin', seems familiars are always less^  powerful than their mage.
  Always livin' in the shadow of their wings, eh?
  What a bunch of useless freeloaders!
    How very short-sighted of you as usual, Robin.
    Sometimes I can't believe you're one of my
    familiars.
        Miss Alice, why must your words excite
        yet your expression be a fright?
  Even if they have only one-tenth the power of their mage,
  it's actually quite easy to create a familiar that is stronger^  than their master.
      Maybe next time I'll try embedding
      a derringer in your stomach or something.
  You won't be able to laugh or cry or fly anymore,
  but you can at least scare the stuffing out of anyone that^  crosses us, that's for sure.
      Ohhhhhh! Robin the Firecracker!
      That's so chicken and rice!
      Looks like I'll be a 'uge hit this Christmas!
    I'm talking about a cap gun, just so you're aware.
    Maybe that's a better idea, though. One pop and you're^    out of my hair forever.
  Hey, come on, now yer just bein' mean.
  Anyway, I think you've pretty much covered the basics.
A familiar is like a robot that protects its mage creator,
and its abilities are entirely up to the mage that makes it.
    Hm, so wait. I know you're a top class mage, Alice,
    but what would 'appen if someone like Aoko made a familiar?
    Would it just blow itself up immediately or somethin'?
  What a ridiculous hypothesis.
  Aoko doesn't even have the capabilities to begin creating a familiar yet.
    She can only destroy things, remember?
    If she gave up her lone skill to a familiar,
    she would lose her entire reason to even exist.
Hahaha!
Never one to mince yer words, Angel Mum.
  Aoko has no reason to use a familiar for combat.
  Conversely, I can't fight at all so...
      Ah, makes eighteen pence.
      Aoko is strong all by herself.
      You surround yourself with strong allies.
  Right. If you were to compare it to chess,
  Aoko would be a strong piece that could stand on its own,^  like the queen.
 I, on the other hand, utilize many pieces but I myself^ only have the strength of a pawn.
 Ah, yes, I see!
 I forgot just how weak and out of shape you are!
    You can only barely dog paddle to swim,
    can't do a single push-up, can't ride a bicycle,
      and spend gym class sitting around doing^      mostly nuffin'.
    But that's fine! You're right Robin Hood!
    And if we get down to brass tacts, its 'cause I'm always tailin' you!
    My Angel Mum... You are far too beautiful to exert yourself.
Hm?!
            ...You are incredibly vile, do you know that?
            I'll have you know I can jog short distances.
      'Ello there!
      Relieved of his daily guard duties,
      a blue shadow descends upon the garden.
    When all's said and done, this bird has landed with aplomb.
    I'm 'ere to get started with another lecture in this
    special location requested by Miss Alice herself.
    As you can see, it's nothin' special-just an ordinary garden.
    Now where could that Alice be?
      I've been waiting for you, Robin.
      You do realize you're a part of this^      lecture series too, right?
  Huh?! I can 'ear you but I don't see you anywhere!
  What kind of trick are you tryin' to pull?
  Where the 'eck are you, Alice?!
            I'm right here.
    The Wonderful World of Ploys.
                    ...
      The Wonderful World of Ploys.
      ...Well, aren't you going to speak, Robin?
    Erm, yeah. I'm 'ere to bubble and squeak.
    I was just a little startled is all, seeing as 'ow
    I didn't really notice anyfink out the ordinary.
    That's my Angel Alice, she is.
    You always scrub up real nice.
    Like a right proper lady.
    Anyway...
    Quick question, what exactly are we doing 'ere?
    And why?
    I just thought it'd be a good idea to change things up a bit.
    It goes against my aesthetics to keep using the same props
    and setting every time. This isn't some kind of dojo.
    So that's why you moved the lecture 'ere!
    I see, I see. I gots me an earwig.
    Aoko's a surprisingly big spender.
    I prefer a dress rather than a smock, though. I fink it makes you look like a^    goddess! Not saying a smock is bad, but it's all about image. How powerful^    would this butcher's hook be if it were in a painting? That kinda thing.
Say you have a painting of a forest and a bird and some children. If the impact of the kids is too strong, you'd lose focus of the bird.
      Oh no! I forgot I was in the middle of^      making some sweets.
Annnnnnd I'm being ignored.
So, Miss Alice, what is it that you do all day anyway?
    Aoko's the student council president.
    Soujyuro's got his work.
    D'you just mind the old rat and mouse?
 I do exactly what you see here.
 I spend my free time making Ploys.
  Wow!
  You're just like a witch in those old fairy tales.
  I didn't know you made Ploys in a cauldron.
        And what's that smell? Chocolate?!
        Wait a tick...
        Are Ploys made of sweets?!
    Robin... You're a Ploy yourself.
    Are you telling me you don't know what Ploys are made of?
    Maybe you're just a regular bird after all.
  Hey look, I don't know anyfink about that sort!
  Pretty sure I know how Ploys work, though.
  Because...
      Of course, our lovely Alice 'ere will give
      a gloss deeper 'n the housemaid's knee
      and broader than the skies above! Right?!
    What more can I add to the ^    explanation in the main story?
    We're done here. Class dismissed.
  You're really trying to kill this segment, aren't you!
          Got any better ideas?
    Nah.
    I at least wanted you to give a brief overview or somethin'!
    Wouldn't want us to look worse than that dojo!
...I suppose I do want to avoid that.
All right, fine...
      I'll talk a little bit about how Ploy Kickshaws are made.
      But that's all I'm going to discuss today, got it?
          Ploy... Kisshaws...?
      That's just how you pronounce it. The "ck" sound is almost
      entirely silent. A kickshaw is what the Europeans call an
      insignificant children's toy or trinket.
  Oh, I knew that!
  I've also 'eard it used in the bed-
      Ploys are similar in that here in Japan
      we use them to play pretend war and simulate combat.
      They are a kind of children's educational tool.
      Ploy is also another word for strategy or battle plan,
      and in Scotland it has...well, another meaning.
      That one's not important.
        Hmm. So basically you just threw a bottle of glue
        at two words to make "Ploy Kickshaw" then?
        Did you whip up this bit of word salad, Miss Alice?
...It's a unique kind of magecraft passed down to me from my mother.
We never registered it with the Mage's Association to earn royalties from it or anything cheap like that.
   Eh, I guess even if you did you'd still be the only
   one who could actually use it!
   Bound by that Meinster blood I suppose!
    Robin...
    Have you understood a thing I've said so far?
Hm? Sorry, forgot what I was chirpin' about.
I'm more unsure of the past than I am of the future, is all.
  ...
  Who exactly were you referring to^  when you said Meinster?
        Goddess Mum! Your mother, of course.
        People called her a pure-blooded Witch.
    Though she always was a bit of a bandwagoner,
    your mum. Always chasing the latest trends...
    A big fan of ol' Lewis Carroll...
    A Witch traditionally takes the Ploy passed down to them
    and fine-tunes it to her own needs.
    Since your mum fancied Carroll so, that's how it came about.
      When she broke the rules and had you,
      she decided to name you Alice, of all things.
      I still remember the big ol' grin on her face!
    ...I think I've heard enough.
    She was always a child at heart, that woman.
  Hahaha, you're one to talk!
  Whenever that boy comes to the gates o' Rome you always perk right up!
  The apple doesn't fall far from the tree, 
as they say. 
Grargh!
        Let's make the topic of our next lecture
        "Ploy Kickshaws: A Tutorial."
 Robin, make a reservation at the usual place, will you?
 Then when you're finished with that, double boil this chocolate.
 After that, polish the mirror.
  And then... hmm.
  Fly yourself into a telephone pole and die, maybe?
      So the usual routine, gotcha!
      You're so 'ard on me today, Miss Alice!
This is how I always am.
I'm just too lazy to deal with it all in the main story, that's all.
    Too lazy to deal with what?
Too lazy to waste my precious 
calories
belaboring a stupid ■■■ like you, for one thing.
Do you think you're really worth my time?
  Well, pluck me bald!
  'Ere I was thinkin' people gave a tomtit about me!
  But, 
if that's the case, 
I wouldn't mind 
if you gave me a lick 
sometimes.
  I bet you wouldn't.
  If only it'd annoy you so much you'd leave for good.
      Oof, the one-two knockout right at the bell.
      So, are Ploys made of sweets or not?
      Mmm, sweets...
    Chef.
    One three-piece tuna special.
      What's that, Miss Alice?
      Never seen a gold plate like that before.
          It's nothing special.
        Just a regular tuna,
        a fatty tuna belly,
        and an extra fatty one.
  It looks like a bloody French flag!
  I can only ever afford the crappy ones, like egg, squid, or inari.
  Chef.
  Another plate of medium-fat tuna.
      You're going for another red one.
      What about something white or silver?
      Sardine and amberjack are pretty tasty.
        Chef.
        Another full-fat tuna.
      That one plate of sushi
      costs as much as an entire John Skinner.
      How about settling for salmon?
      Cost is no concern.
      Chef. Another full-fat tuna.
      It's just tuna, tuna, tuna with you.
      Should've expected no less of Miss Alice!
      Sometimes I forget you're a posh heiress!
    How else should I spend my money, Robin?
    If you have it, spend it.
    Well, Aoko's paying today, but still.
    Ah, I see 'ow it works.
    Aoko's coughin' up for dinner.
        Does she have enough bread and honey for this?
        Think of her poor wallet.
        She spends money like it's going out of style.
      It's fine.
      I always come prepared.
      I brought my second purse just in case.
                  Bwah!
                  What?
      Nothing, nothing.
      You're the queen of the castle, so what you say goes.
      I'm just a lowly guest.
   ...That twerp's got more dosh than I thought, eh?
   Get a load of that bangers and mash!
        All that cash!
        Someone fan me, quick!
        Where's my tuna...?
  Looks like someone is 'ogging it all in the VIP seat.
  Check out the green get-up and glasses.
  'Ogging all the 'ighest quality stuff.
  Not my place to say,
  but that looks like stress-eatin' to me.
  Should I say somefin'?
        Leave it alone.
        Everybody deserves a little me time.
      Not going to take a plate, Miss Alice?
        I guess I can fit it in.
        This one, then.
            Congratulations!
                Thank you!
    Huh? Who's this?
    Are we that short-handed?
              Let us explain!
                I'll explain!
      We're the best-kept secret!
  We're talked about far and wide!
We're our master's favorite, versatile, and ever-changing Six Force!
    We're elite Ploys, who can transform^    into mammals, birds... you name it!
    We're twins and we're pretty chatty!
    Whoa!
    How can you play games when it's this dark?!
Hey!
If you can't see, then you can't see the number on the die!
Looks like we'll have to resume gambling later then!
        Wait! Are they the pig twins?!
        They can turn into humans, too?!
    They're known to turn into humans when they roll a one.
    Let me explain.
            They're called the Chatty Twins.
            The noisy one's Tweedle Dum.
            The loud one's Tweedle Dee.
          They're Ploys, but they transform
          with the roll of a die.
      Sadly, human society has poisoned them,
      so they're susceptible to weak magecraft.
      You ever rolled a one?
      No, I can't seem to be able to.
      I've only ever seen them transform into pigs.
      It's not impossible! You're just too simple!
      There are multiple sides to everything!
      You need to roll the die right!
      Exactly! You've got to cheat sometimes!
      This world is full of cheaters!
      No one rolls a six without cheating!
      Ah, the evening feast is here.
      I know "Diddle Diddle."
      From Mother Goose, right?
      Yeah, it's quite famous.
          "Hey diddle diddle,
              The cat and the fiddle,
            The cow jumped over the moon.
      The little dog laughed to see such sport,
        And the dish ran away with the spoon."
      It's a typical Mother Goose rhyme.
      In the middle of the night there's a cat playing a fiddle;
  a dog laughs at a cow jumping over the moon;
  and an anthropomorphic plate and spoon run away together.
        Some say it's based on a Greek and Egyptian legend,
        and that it's talking about the movement of the stars.
        The cow most likely represents Taurus.
      They're one-time-use Ploys, right?
      One use and they break.
      D'you make new ones each time, Miss Alice?
  Of course.
  Diddle Diddle forms the basis of my magecraft.
If I place them into the ground they'll deepen the night.
The deeper the night, the more my magecraft―
rather, the more the fairy tale means.
        That's all there is to it.
    So Ploys like these only work in certain situations.
    Y'know, you don't function nearly as well in the city.
    You really are a forest girl at heart.
          These are the "Nameless Woods."
          By itself it doesn't mean anything.
          You need a map.
  You use it with this Mirror of Slumber.
  This mirror didn't quite become one of the three great Ploys,
  but it functions just as well.
          More specifically,
  it usually scans for enemies across Misaki City and guards the mansion.
  Unfortunately, sometimes it goes a little haywire and makes a gate
  that beckons people in the mansion inside it.
  Haha! I bet that dustbin lid almost got killed a few dozen times!
  From "Through the Looking-Glass," was it?
  Right. Originally it was just an embryo that held an^  other-realm inside.
  It looked like it'd been broken for a long time.
  Touko and my mother both helped
  to repair it.
    Oh? Why'd you need the help?
    Couldn't you do it yourself?
      A Witch is required to leave behind at least^      one elite Ploy in her lifetime.
          "She wanted to repair this mirror;
          make it her masterpiece,"
          is what Touko always said.
  If you make the surface of the mirror a map of Misaki
  and place this piece on it, that area becomes the Nameless Woods.
          We used it in Aoko's first battle.
          Anyone who comes within its range feels compelled
          to leave, so it's good for keeping people away.
    But it doesn't work on prats!
  ...Indeed.
  It's not exactly a mistake; I just didn't even consider that.
  Next time, I won't make the same oversight.
      Anyway, the next Ploy-
          Woohoo!
          Egg! I can eat egg!
        Oh, wow. This egg is pucker!
        Tho' it sits heavy on the butter 'n jelly.
      Like I'm not quite digesting it...
      I dunno, I feel like I can 'ear a pecking noise
      coming from inside me body.
                Three.
      Miss Alice?
      Why're you backing away?
                  Two.
        Why the
        "sorry, but you're going to explode"
        expression...?
                  One.
                    Help.
                Zero.
        This Ploy is called Scratch Dumpty.
        It's based on the old Humpty Dumpty
        nursery rhyme.
      "An egg sat precariously on a wall,
      ignoring the King passing by, who told him to come down.
  The angry King ordered his men to bring him down,
  but they couldn't.
    The King gave up and left the egg to his own devices.
    Then, the egg fell,
    and tragically cracked into a million pieces.
      No matter how hard they tried-
      'All the King's horses and all the King's men
      couldn't put Humpty together again.'"
Basically, it's a fable saying you can't fix something that's been broken.
I find it irritating.
  By the way,
  Humpty only became an egg in the 19th century.
    He appeared earlier in a panoramic picture book
    authored by Samuel Edward Maberly under
    the pen name Aliquis.
  Lewis Carroll's Humpty was most
  likely based on this version.
    Looks like they're all sold out.
    Check, please!
  Next time...
  ...I'm going to eat all the fatty tuna this place has.
        Hey, working hard as always, lad?
        Can I get a dozen bags of birdseed?
        Gimme yer best millet and wheat.
    Hello. Welcome.
    I'm surprised to see you out shopping^    during the day, Robin.
    Gah! Miss Alice?!
    W-w-w-what are you doing working here?!
    Where the heck is the kid?!
    You sure care a lot about trivial things for a bird brain.
    I'm in charge of the store today.
    Do you have a problem with that?
  No... Of course not.
  You fit right in.
  I assume you're here to satisfy your sweet tooth.
    The Wonderful World of Ploys.
  Today we're going to talk about a relatively safe Ploy.
  Okay, Robin...
  Pick your favorite.
  Would ya Adam and Eve it?
  This "bakery" is a Ploy Kickshaw black market!
  Misaki's positively mental.
    Let's go in order from the right.
    What's this thing 'ere that^    looks like a jewelry box?
      That's Sixpence.
      It's a jack-in-the-box
      called Six Sing Chocolates.
    It looks pretty plain and boring, but it's actually^    quite useful.
    Unlike some Ploys around here.
      Well, of course!
      A bird's a capable and elegant familiar.
      And that's precisely why
      I know that ol' Sixpence bit.
      Y'know, because of the bird connection.
    "Sing a song of sixpence,
    a pocket full of rye.
    Four and twenty blackbirds, baked in a pie."
    ...Oh, jeepers.
    Who'd murder innocent birds for no reason?
    Don't continentals love a Richard the Third?
  Anyway, "The king was in his counting house, counting out
  his money; The queen was in the parlor, eating bread and
  honey." That's the second verse.
      From that point onward, the song seems
      to turn into a bit of a political satire.
   Dunno. Sounds like a day in the Kuonji mansion
   to me. It's not a king that's countin' his money,
   it's a queen, and she's wearin' a blue sweater.
            Begone, Robin.
            What's next?
  Can't you say,
  "Are you okay?" or "I love you"?
  ...Guess not.
        No prob by me.
        Tough love is still love.
            Bwahahahahaha!
      What the hell's this?
      Talk about fugly! A face
      only a mother could love!
              That's you.
                    Me?
          Yeah. Your true form.
          It says Lost Robin Rondo on the tag.
          The name's wasted on you.
        Like it was chiseled by Michelangelo 'imself!
        I knew from the moment I came through the door
        that this'd be the treasure of the store! I mean it!
No detailed info needed for this one.
You already got your time in the limelight in the main story.
    It's based on an old funeral song.
    It tells the story of a robin that was killed.
    The song asks, "Who killed the robin?"
    The funeralgoers each respond with, "I did."
    It's a song about finding the culprit.
      It was a hugely popular Mother Goose rhyme,
      along with "The Marriage of Cock Robin and Jenny Wren,"
      which was a prequel.
    After that, "The Trial and Execution of the Sparrow for Killing
    Cock Robin" was published, which follows the trial of the sparrow.
    You ought to be making a killing in royalties, Robin. I envy you.
      Birds never get a penny.
      Anyway, Alice, did you know?
      The robin is the national bird of Britain.
      And it symbolizes Christmas.
      In other words...^      I'm the bona fide hero of Mahoyo-
Agh!
          We can't let your ego get too big.
      Might be too late for that.
          Not much left to talk about.
          Nothing really worth showing off.
        Alice! Miss Alice!
        What's this third Ploy 'ere?
        It's a candy that looks like an eye!
            It's an eyeball.
  You mean, a candy that looks like one, right?
        No, it's an actual eyeball.
        Wanna see?
    Gwaaarghhhh!
    Your left eye's made of glass?!
      That's not what I meant.
      It's used like a Ploy.
      Oi, what's 'acrostic' mean?
  Words have many meanings.
  Like the many portmanteaus Lewis Carroll used.
  In Through the Looking Glass, Alice asks Humpty,
  "What does the word 'slithy' mean?"
  To which Humpty replied, "well,
  'slithy' means 'lithe and slimy.'"
  ...Got it? 
  When you acrostify Mystic Eyes, you change the
  rules by mixing meanings to form a new "word."
    I'm not saying the concept is entirely based^    around Humpty Dumpty;
    she just gave it a name referencing his idea.
      Brilliant. This is just a random question,
      but what would happen if you combined
      'limited first edition' and 'standard edition?'
Hmm, if you did that, you'd have a
product with the first-edition bonuses
that would stay on the market forever.
      Bwahaha! So the new phrase would be
      "special first standard edition!"
      No. You'd get "bargain bin."
                  Ack!
      Ahem.
      As you can see, it's a tricky Ploy to use.
      I'll be more careful in the future.
  Let's see... Next we have... Ah, this one.
  Nah, let's save this for another cockney rhyme.
      What about... this one?
    ...Just a failed creation.
    My first Ploy ever. It doesn't have any real use.
    I've just held on to it for sentimental value.
  As you can see, it's not useful in mage battles.
  It doesn't look very nice either. Still, sentimental value, right?
      This confectionery's shaped like a brooch.
      Wow, it's so sweet!
      You make the best sweets!
    That wraps up today's lesson.
    I'm heading home.
    You can clean up.
    Whew. What a way to start,
    under a bright, blue sky.
  Though it don't look like Miss Alice's here yet.
  Pretty sure I got the right time and place.
  Maybe I should get a start and save some face.
    No, that won't be necessary.
    I've been camping out here since yesterday.
      Miss Alice?!
      Bwahaha! Talk about over-prepared LOL
      You're taking this way too seriously!
      Spoken like a true amateur!
                  Gah!
    Never underestimate mountain climbing.
    Some migrating birds die trying to make it over the mountains,^    did you know?
        Stay prepared, or die.
        The mountain knows no mercy.
        Disrespect the gods here at your peril.
          Yep, you're chicken jalfrezi as ever.
    I'll say it again.
    Do not underestimate me or the mountain.
    I'm twice as prepared today than I am normally.
        Crikey.
        You're really into it, eh?
  Anyway, Robin, it's time for "The Wonderful World of Ploys" again.
  And since I'm in such a good mood today,
  I'll talk about something very special I've been saving.
          Yeah! That's what I'm talking about!
          The Great Three Ploys!
      Your mum's... mum's...
      ...mum's... mum's... Whatever! The first generation!
      Three miracles passed down from the first generation.
    That's what we're talkin' about, right?
    Three masterpieces forged by the First Witch.
          The Thames Troll: the Bridge Giant.
          Flat Snark: Oil of the Moon.
          And... er, what's the third one...?
    That's still a secret.
    This time I'll talk about Thames.
    It's based on the Mother Goose nursery rhyme "London Bridge."
    "London Bridge is broken down, broken down, broken down,
    London Bridge is broken down, my fair lady."
  Kids often sing this one in school,
  so it's pretty well known.
  Also known as the "Great, But Now What? Troll!"
  Only useful against the most trivial of trivial enemies!
      No, it just needs to be used against the right
      enemy. And honestly, I'm not so compatible
      with it. I have a hard time using Thames.
    I can only manifest him up to his second form.
    I don't know the lyrics to his third and fourth.
      What're you talking about?
      The lyrics to London Bridge.
  "Wood and clay will wash away,
   bricks and mortar will not stay."
  "Iron and steel will bend and bow,
   silver and gold will be stolen away."
        Thames is a Ploy based on London Bridge,
        but he's changed throughout the ages.
        He has four different forms based on the nursery rhyme.
        Wood, stone, and then two others.
        Are you sure you want to be givin'
        away secret information like that?
        It's fine. These days anyone can look up the lyrics
        to London Bridge and find them out for themselves.
     And besides,
     the best I can do is use his stone form.
     So it isn't really a problem if people find out.
    Why can't you use the others?
      I'm just not interested in human civilization.
      In my mind, the bridge only goes up to wood and stone.
      What? You mean to tell me the invincible
      Alice actually 'as a weakness?
Erm. Actually, now that I think about it,
you've lost a great hopping pot of times! So much for the invincible!
Not that I'm one to talk!
      Rumor has it the Thames Troll
      is the strongest golem in the world.
      'Ow strong would it be at its max power?
      Well, if there was a witch alive today
      who could take Thames to his final form...
    Then even Aoko wouldn't be able to defeat it
    using her most powerful abilities.
You know London, the smoggy heart of the Industrial Revolution.
Thames would overshadow even that.
      Hahaha, wowser!
      A whole city?! Blimey!
      Is that true, or are you just sayin' that?
    You really need to cut the showin' off, Alice.
    Take this is as 'eartfelt advice from your
    most beloved Ploy!
      Most appreciated.
      Well, if I'm going to improve,
      I should start by backing up my statements.
    You can help me.
    Thames, get out here.
    Show this bird what you can do.
    Oh sure, as if this thing could do anything to-
    Wait a tick... You look stronger than usual.
    And I've got nowhere to escape.
    Remember what I said?
    The mountain knows no mercy.
      Didn't fink you meant THIS!
  This movie doesn't have subtitles.
  But I actually have lines!
          I know.
          I found them annoying, so I spoke with the editor,
          and had them cut.
        Great! As always, we're gonna telecom tower you^        with praise, Miss Alice!
        So I'm the only one actin' in a silent flick.
    This is the second one, right?
    Yep.
    Just so everyone knows, Snark's body is liquid.
    That's why some call 'im the "Oil of the Moon."
    Who gave him the name "Flat Snark" anyway?
    Someone you know well.
    Before I met her,
    I never gave my Ploys names.
      I just called them number one, number two, and so on,
      based on strength, importance, or whatever I felt like.
  You actually ordered 'em?
  Kinda lazy not giving 'em a name.
  Then again, makes sense to keep it simple. But why so orderly?
    If I gave them random numbers, that'd be confusing.
    Which one's strongest and which one I like most depends^    on my mood.
    I'd change the order based on how I felt.
    Diddle Diddle was always number one, though.
    Thames would usually be three or four.
    Oh, I just remembered.
    When playing with her and the Ploys,
    my numbering system did cause a problem.
"Alice, my new daddy's coming tomorrow.
 Can I borrow the sixth Ploy?
 I really want to impress him!"
        So, I let her borrow what I'd decided
        was my sixth favorite Ploy that day.
      ...
      I fink I know where this is going, but I'll bite.
      What Ploy was it?
It was a perfume she later called "Goblin Fron."
Once you put it on, you can only speak in curse words and slang for an entire day.
                    ...
      That's when she came up with the idea of naming Ploys.
      For some reason she looked like she had been crying.
        "This one's Sweets Hearts. This is Scripps Humpty.^        This is Diddle Diddle. This is Flat Snark.^        Those are their names from now on, okay?"
    They say that a name defines you, right?
    I didn't want to give them the wrong one. So I just categorized^    them based on how I felt.
"Nobody can tell how you're feeling. You should realize that what you do affects me, too."
"Plus, naming Ploys is going to be the next big thing. For certain. People will tire of it eventually, but still."
  "And if we're going to name them, we have to name them^  something trendy. Trendiness is key!"
  I've given my Ploys names ever since. It's kind of a hassle^  remembering them all, but I never mix them up now.
  Seemed like an obvious thing to do after the fact.
  But it was such an original idea at the time.
  Genius, really.
            Yeah. Genius...
            Unlike you...
                ...Ouch.
 Look at that oil burn.
 What kind of Ploy is Snark exactly?
    We went over this in the main story.
    If you're looking for more detailed information, well...
    Right on.
    So, Aoko burned all your precious oil.
    How's one get more of that Bodie and Doyle?
        Unfortunately, no.
        Snarks can't be recreated in this era.
Some people just love destroyin' cultural relics, don't they?
Whew, gotta love layin' waste to civilization!
    Is this all Snark's got, though? I thought that troll was bad enough.
    Bwahahaha! Some Great Ploy!
    I loves me a good tall tale.
Y'know, I'm a pretty damn good Ploy. I never waste anythin'! Hey, you there! Fry me up a bag of chips with this oil!
Not a bad idea, Robin. For you, at least.
You know, I could go for some fried chicken.
    ...
    The menu says hot dogs, popcorn, crisps...^    but definitely NO BIRD-BASED FOOD.
Whenever I go watch a flick, I always check their menu first. Fried chicken's a no-go, what with its pen and ink.
      I know. Don't worry.
      I'm not actually hungry.
      I just want them to fry a certain bird for me.
      Hahaha... Y-You wouldn't...
  Wouldn't I? Don't you want to experience the sensation of your^  entire body being boiled in hot oil?
  Another cause of death to add to your collection.
 I need a better hobby.
 Anyway, a sandshoe for your offer,^ but I'm going to 'ave to decline!
  ...Looks like the movie's over.
  Few theaters show films and plays at^  the same time these days.
  I wanted to end this by introducing my third Ploy,
  but I'll have to save that for next time.
          To all of you who stuck with us through
          the lengthy main story, and the side story that
          could either end quickly or take forever...
  This marks the end of Witch on the Holy Night.
  Let us continue the tale someday, someplace,
  when a bright, roaming star drops from the sky into your lap.
          From the bottom of our hearts,
          thank you for sharing this long journey with us.
  It had been one year since he'd moved into the city from his remote village.
  One thing he realized during that time was that likes and dislikes were the main difference between human and beast.
"So this is the new hideout, huh?
  Not bad, I guess. It's a bit shabby, but I like how there are no people around."
  The figure dressed in a white coat danced to and fro down the hallway.
  He was like a young woman in an old film, enjoying herself window shopping.
  He was actually enjoying the atrocious sight of the school building in ruins.
"Settle down. This place is falling apart. It was built over sixty years ago, you know.
  The floor could fall out from underneath you at any moment..."
  His mouth shut before he could even say to let him have his fun.
  Only one set of footsteps echoed through the hallway.
  Not a single feather's worth of his seventy-pound body was exerting any force on the floor beneath him.
  It wasn't clear whether he was paying reverence to the hallway or simply excited by it.
  It's said that even walking through a grassy field, a beast is careful not to harm a single blade of grass.
  Apparently, this creature wrapped in a coat was no different.
  He was more a part of the environment itself than a settler of it.
  He held no regard for beasts greater or lesser than him, but when it came to his comrades, he at least displayed human-like--or rather, wolf-like clemency.
"Well, I'm glad you at least like the place.
  I'm going into town. Do you need anything? Comics? Books?"
"Hmm, nothing especially.
 Oh! If you could pick me up a hamburger on your way back, that'd be great! The one with the fluffy bun and thick patty!"
"Still thinking with your stomach, huh? We'll need to figure out a reliable source of food if we want to survive here.
  ...I wonder if this was a mistake? A hotel with room service might actually leave less evidence behind."
  Touko let out a defeated sigh.
  With her glasses on, she was restricted to her original way of speaking and gesturing.
  It was the beginning of December.
  Exactly one month had passed since they came to Misaki City.
  Until now, Touko had been attacking Misaki from a nearby neighborhood. Deciding it was time to get serious, she had moved her base of operations to this old school building.
"Hm? You think a hotel would've been better?"
"That would be easier, for sure. Hotels are nice to live in, especially if they're decent quality."
"But I know you, Touko. You're really into these kinds of ruins, aren't you?"
"Eh? Really?"
"Yeah! Especially ones like this.
  Whenever you get interested in something, you don't want anyone to be around you or like the same things you're into. Even though you have so many interests!"
  Touko couldn't deny that observation.
  She had been under contract with him for two years, but it had only been about a year since he became her full-time bodyguard.
  He seemed to be able to see right through to the root of all the problems that plagued Touko.
"I don't particularly hate crowds, though. An abandoned building or factory, or even that old amusement park would've been okay too.
  It's just that, here in the countryside, simply having you around is enough to get the rumor mill churning. My only option was to set up operations out here in the mountains."
"Aww, but I'm in human form!
  I don't think I stick out that much."
"It's a matter of fitting in. Even if you can't look Asian, we could probably get by if your hair was at least black."
  Unfortunately, that wouldn't be happening.
  Simply being in human form at all was stressful for him.
  When he had to be human, his only condition was that he could look however he wanted.
  He was currently only in this form because they had to move from the town to the old school building. Once he found a classroom to sleep in, he'd be back to a wolf.
"Why do you hate being in human form so much anyway? It's not particularly difficult to stay like that, is it? Aren't you originally an astral body?"
  Being an extremely versatile lifeform which required no body to remain stable
  in the physical world, his body could change according to the situation.
  Magecraft would have defined him as a higher-dimensional lifeform with a materialized soul.
"It's not hard or dangerous. Just annoying.
  Humans don't like doing things they don't have to, right?
  Well, it's the same for me. There's no practical reason for me to ever be in human form."
  Apparently, he saw no value at all in his human form.
  That was exactly why Touko insisted he make his appearance blend in more. But the boy argued that if he had to be in an unnatural state, he'd at least make himself comfortable.
  To him, this was the only fun way to be a human, and he wasn't going to accept it any other way.
  And so, this was why he had taken on the appearance of a foreign aristocrat in a provincial Japanese city.
  Even his posh coat had been hand-picked by Touko to satisfy one of his many demands.
"Keep an eye on the place while I'm out, Beo.
  I don't think anyone will stumble upon us, but if they do, be sure to hold them until I get back.
  You can rough them up a bit if you need to, but no more than one leg."
  And with that statement, Touko headed off into the city.
"Okay, you got it!
  Don't worry, I don't like how humans taste anyway!
  I'll be fine here, just don't forget to bring me back something yummy!"
  Beo plopped down onto a desk after he saw his employer off.
  He morphed back into his wolf form.
"Sooo bored. How did I end up out here in this country town after traveling around the world?"
  It had been two years since Beo met Touko Aozaki.
  After some deliberation with the werewolves, the mage was left in charge of Beo's education.
  Of course, his village had no real control over him. He didn't have to go with her. He decided to go simply because she seemed interesting.
  Touko stood before him in the cave where he slept and asked,
"Wait, you want to know the meaning of life?
  Is that really why you agreed to this?"
  She smiled and cut off her long locks of hair to seal their pact.
"To know freedom, you must also know restraint.
  Similarly, if you want to know the meaning of life, then you must have a reason not to die.
  ...For example, if you harbor a hatred so strong that you yourself can't fathom dying before you kill that person."
  That hair was twenty years' worth of Touko's life.
  In a way, her hair was a part of herself, but she parted with it easily.
  She was sure that Beo was worth the twenty years it had taken her to grow that hair.
  Beo, too, sensed that Touko was a creature of rare value.
  He was happy to have been selected by someone of her unusual talents and, though she preached learning restraint, he observed that she was a truly free woman.
  And then...
  Beo accepted the terms of her contract, and left his village.
  He took his first steps into the outside world.
  The first year was spent at Touko's workshop in England, learning basic knowledge.
  Namely, it was at a college of the Mage's Association, called the Clock Tower.
  At the time, Touko had her own dedicated familiar.
  Formally speaking, this familiar was Beo's senior,
  but in that year's time, Beo proved himself superior and earned the right to travel the world with Touko.
  They rode on a train that collected Mystic Eyes, known as the Rail Zeppelin.
  They saw the Murkrake, an ancient, giant octopus living in the North Sea.
  They explored the Bermuda Triangle, a place of no return, connected to other realms.
  They met the remains of a mage of the Elder Title, a league of ancients, deep in western Europe.
  All of their exploits were odd and exciting enough to hold his interest,
  and throughout them all, Beo felt that he'd been right to join Touko.
  This was certainly less boring than sleeping in his cave.
  But sweet honey makes one crave even sweeter poison;
  having developed a taste for adventure, he now demanded even greater thrills.
  It was only natural that such an innocent creature would start to look forward to its next prey.
  The pinnacle of that desire rested on Touko's final goal:
  For all her liberty and aplomb, there was one prey she would not stop chasing until she caught it once and for all.
  With every new adventure, Beo would ask,
"So, is this the person you want to kill, Touko?"
  However, the mage would always smile wryly and shake her head in response.
  Even this puppet master of extraordinary talent claimed that it was no easy task.
  Her target was in a realm far beyond anyone they'd dealt with so far--
  beyond human knowledge. Perhaps, beyond even Beo.
  But who could this mysterious person be? And how could they be so powerful?
  Beo couldn't help but be curious.
  Discovering that he was hired for "Magical" reasons,
  he mustered a rare bit of fighting spirit, thinking he'd found a worthy foe. But...
"You know, I think it's kind of childish for the real thing to take on an impostor.
  At the end of the day, this so-called 'Magic' is just another thing that humans made."
  Clearly, it was still only interested in itself.
  It knew nothing of life or freedom. Its only pleasure was found in food.
  Beo didn't necessarily feel dissatisfied, but it was becoming harder to stave off his boredom.
  Also, since accompanying Touko on her adventures, his feelings toward her had become a bit confused.
"Touko, I just think you're obsessed.
  You can literally do anything you want, just like me, and yet that's what you focus your energy on?"
  He slumped his shoulders exaggeratedly and closed his eyes.
  The golden wolf drifted off to sleep, not realizing that his feelings were in fact those of jealousy.
"This place sure has changed in the last four years.
  Did they really need to tear down and rebuild the entire front of the station? And... ah, yep. That smoke shop on the corner is gone.
  Oh, well. Guess I'll have to get used to the idea of buying cigarettes from a vending machine."
  Touko walked through her hometown for the first time in four years, grumbling to herself.
  She was on an aimless and careless stroll.
  No familiar escorted her,
  and she'd even left her self-defense 'bag' back at the hideout.
  Today, she was in full tourist mode, not nervous about a thing.
"This place was no bigger than a footpath before, and now it's an actual street.
  It's odd. I know I'm home, but it feels like going back to that town overseas."
  This was Touko's second time going back home.
  After leaving the Aozaki home four years ago, she'd secretly returned to Misaki.
  The first time was longer ago.
  When Touko was fourteen years old, she studied abroad at an academy in England.
  She'd spent two years there before returning to Japan.
  Then, she'd enrolled in a local high school named Reien Girls' Academy, and headed back to England three years later after graduating.
  That was four years ago.
  Now she felt the same as she did then, when she returned to that English country town where she'd lived for two years.
"Lonely? Hmm, not really. Disappointed? Not exactly. Scared doesn't sound quite right, but maybe?"
  She rounded her shoulders and fell deep into thought.
  Touko felt a tingle run up her spine in a way that couldn't really be described in words.
  Times were changing faster than ever. Everything was relatively inexpensive and could be replaced on a whim.
  After thinking to herself for a bit, she cracked her knuckles and set forth.
  There was no use overthinking any of this.
  This was just how things were now. That's all there was to it.
  It was only natural for the old to make way for the new.
"This is it! My time is now!"
(You can do this, Touko!)
  This sudden spark of self-enlightenment gave Touko the encouragement she needed, and she set off with high spirits toward the train station.
  Striding down the boulevard, she exuded the confidence of a supermodel or dictator.
  Although she was not about to exclaim,
"My conquest begins with Main Street! Time to tear it up!"
  Her enthusiasm was, of course, still there.
  Touko, however, had something she had to accomplish first...
  Before she could give thought to putting an end to the town's thoughtless
  attempts at modernization that would become outdated in just a few years.
"This machine's a winner for sure.
  Did they really think they could fool anyone with the pegs set like this?"
  Touko's first destination was not one Misaki's protective sigils, but rather her old favorite pachinko parlor.
  Though the area around the train station had undergone a dramatic makeover, the back streets were mostly unchanged.
  Touko had exchanged 5,000 yen for some little silver pachinko balls before going upstairs and sitting at the machine she determined was paying out the most that day.
"Hmm, maybe now's a good time to stop. Let's see... I've got twelve boxes so far. Not too shabby after not playing for four years."
  She sounded slightly disappointed, but her lips and posture betrayed her good humor.
  Pachinko parlors were a staple form of entertainment in Japan, but they were largely absent in other countries.
  High-stakes gamers criticized it as inefficient, time-consuming, too luck-dependent, unrewarding, and so forth... basically, a child's game.
  When Touko was studying abroad, she didn't see anything that even resembled a pachinko parlor.
  However, she wasn't here playing pachinko because she was feeling nostalgic for it after five years.
  She simply needed a war chest.
"I didn't think the helicopter alone would set me over budget. Japan's so absurdly peaceful that all the black market dealers are too damned expensive.
  Now I'm totally broke. I have to at least make a little coin to keep Beo fed."
  Touko had chartered a helicopter to airlift three shipping containers full of materials to remodel the old school building into a workshop.
  There weren't any roads a truck could take to get to the old school out deep in the mountains, so she had been forced to burn through the last of her savings.
"Oh, three sevens! This game's just about done for.
  Really, only these boring games are worth playing for profit these days."
  Her smile remained in spite of her complaints.
  There was nothing more Touko-esque than her sitting cross-legged in this pachinko parlor, one hand on the machine with the other holding a cheap cigarette.
"Hm?"
  Touko noticed something out of the corner of her eye and put on her glasses to see better.
  She glanced over toward the odd sounds she heard and saw a pale-faced parlor employee.
  He had a baby face and looked like he was still in high school.
  Upon seeing Touko, he froze for a moment, then ran off.
  Or rather, he fled in a panic.
"Oof... Am I that scary?"
  Mage though she was, Touko was still in the prime of her youth.
  Though she didn't like it when guys ogled her or tried to strike up a conversation, she thought a boy running full tilt away from her was a bit much.
  Touko made a mental note to scare the crap out of that kid the next time she saw him, and returned to her game.
  With her winning tickets in hand, Touko left the pachinko parlor.
  She had won quite a bit, but it was hard for her to feel good about it after what had happened at the end of her session.
  Wondering what that had been about, she looped around the back of the parlor to redeem her winnings for cash.
"Well, if it isn't Touko!"
  She stopped in her tracks, frozen by a familiar voice she hadn't heard in four years.
  Beo's ears perked up as he woke from his slumber.
  It was just before sunset.
  He opened his eyes with a big yawn, sniffing at a familiar scent in the air getting closer.
"Mnggh..."
  Beo jumped down to the floor and transformed back into his human form.
  Though he and Touko didn't have a strict master-servant relationship, he felt he should at least go and greet her since he was supposed to be watching over the place in her absence.
"Huh?"
  Beo's face scrunched into a perplexed frown as they met in the hallway.
  He sensed something more to the smell he'd been so used to.
"Hey Beo, I'm back.
  Here's your reward for watching the place while I was out."
  Touko handed the paper bag she was holding to Beo.
  Beo was happy to get his hands on the bag stuffed full of hamburgers, but he tilted his head at the odd lingering scent.
"Why the long face? Did something happen while I was gone?"
"No. I slept, it was so boring, actually. Did something happen with you, though?
  You seem a little down, weirdly tired, and stranger than anything is the fact that you bought me my favorite hamburgers."
"Oh, really? Nothing happened, though."
"..."
  This was all extremely suspicious.
  One pain point for Beo was Touko's usual complete lack of interest in food.
  Touko thought that a hamburger was the same no matter where you ate one, so she had often just stopped at wherever was closest.
  Thus, Touko would only stop at a certain Asian burger chain, still rare in Japan, maybe one percent of the time. Not to mention...
"W-what's the big deal?
  So I bought you hamburgers from your favorite place, who cares?"
"I was just trying to say thank you for everything.
  I've dragged you around all over the place, and I just hope you'll stick with me."
  She had a sickly-sweet smile on her face.
  If any of the puppets she had let loose in Misaki heard what she was saying right now, they'd probably fall into a logic error loop and self-destruct. Touko was not one to ever consider the rights of her familiars.
"This all smells fake, false, and full of lies to me!
  You're not supposed to be nice! You're never nice!
  You hate everyone and everything around you, complain constantly, and want to ruin anyone else who's ever having a good time. You only restrain yourself because you don't have a good reason to act... What happened to the Touko that had nothing but a shred of intellect standing between herself and complete moral bankruptcy?"
"Well, that's awfully rude. I can be nice sometimes, you know.
  It's been four years since I've been back here. Wouldn't you feel a little relaxed if you went back to your village?
  That's how it is for me. I'm still young, cute, and innocent enough to feel a little homesick from time to time."
"Wow, what a load of crap. It must be a cold day in Hell!"
"I'm serious!
  That's it, you've ruined the moment. Give me back those hamburgers. You don't get to eat tonight!"
  Touko made a grab for the paper bag, but Beo dodged and jumped out the window.
  He dexterously kicked off against the wall and scampered up onto the roof of the old school building.
"I can't believe what I'm hearing!
  I never want to see you making excuses like that, Miss Touko!"
  He pulled out a hamburger from the paper bag and took a big bite out of it.
  That said...
  Though her attitude had seemed like an act to Beo, it was true that Touko was in an unusually good mood.
  It was unclear why that was the case, but Touko seemed to be feeling something special, or at least something she hadn't ever shown Beo before.
"...What could that smell be?
  It was so light, but also annoying..."
  Beo couldn't understand what exactly that feeling was.
  He only knew basic feelings such as like and dislike, delicious or disgusting. He wasn't able to articulate much further than that yet.
"Eh, whatever. It has nothing to do with me anyway. She'll be the same old Touko tomorrow, I'm sure."
  Beo continued to eat through his hamburgers, still not completely satisfied with the day's course of events.
  The truth was...
  Even if Beo didn't care enough to understand it, he was still a little upset that there was something he didn't know.
  A few days passed.
  Unbeknownst to the people of Misaki, progress was being made on the remodeling of the old school building.
  Meanwhile, Beo was bored out of his mind knowing he had to be stuck here for at least another month.
  He could feel both his body and his mind dulling as he spent his days simply lounging around eating meat.
  On the other hand...
"I'm going shopping. Take care of the place while I'm gone!"
"Have fun while I was out? Here, I brought you home some roast beef!"
"I'm going out for a bit! Tidy up those materials on the roof while I'm out, okay?"
"I'm hooome! Thanks for watching over the place again today.
"
"Off I go, my trusty vassal!"
"'Eyyy, good work! Huh? I shmell like booze? Oh silly, I'm not drunk at all! Not one... not one bit... I can keep goin'!"
  This is what Touko had become.
  The mage was constantly out and always in a good mood, in stark contrast to Beo, who spent his days doing nothing.
  Evidently, she was happy with how her workshop was becoming more and more fortified by the day.
"No. That's DEFINITELY not it.
  That isn't enough to put Miss Touko in such a good mood.
  She's constantly complaining about the state of this place.
  Plus, the silly samurai way she's been talking is so not like her."
"Hm? What's wrong, Beo? You look unhappy. I bet you're ready to get out of here and go wild, huh?"
"That's not the problem here.
  ...I do want to hurry up and get this fight on, but I know it's not going to be for a while yet. I'm just waiting and doing as you ask.
  But..."
"But?"
"Something's... weird. I know there's always nothing to do when we're preparing, but this time it doesn't feel tense the way it should.
  I'm just eating and sleeping, eating and sleeping, every day. It's going to make me fat. I don't want to be fat!"
"What are you talking about? You shouldn't be worrying about that. You don't even need to use the bathroom, so don't act like you're any kind of normal creature."
"Fair point. But *you* will! You're going to get as fat as a pig!"
"Are you serious?!
  I've been weighing myself and the number hasn't changed at all. Am I astrally getting fatter?! Can you tell?!"
  This is what Beo was talking about.
  Touko knew the accuracy of Beo's eye, and trusted his discerning vision over even the numbers on her scale.
  Normally Touko would just remove her glasses and say something like,
"I know this is out of the blue, but I want to test the utility of this suicide attack weapon.
  No, no, I don't want to hear your opinion about it, Beo. Just put this collar on. It'll launch you high into the sky!"
  But she hadn't done anything of the sort, and it was beyond weird for her.
"...No, you haven't gained any weight.
  There's a slight variation from yesterday, but that's normal for a human. It would be really silly for you to worry about that seriously, so please don't."
"Really?
  You don't think it's just gonna show up later or anything?"
"No, the nutrients you consumed yesterday have distributed nicely throughout your body. You're the same Touko as always."
  That last part was a lie.
  She was not the same Touko that Beo had always known.
  Even though she was physically the same, there was something still odd about her since a few days ago.
  That strange, floaty, lingering scent was still there.
  It was a change that only a wild beast like Beo could discern, but it was getting stronger with each passing day.
  Beo was annoyed because he just could not figure out what that scent was.
"What a relief!
  I'm headed out. Take care of the place while I'm out!"
  Touko failed to notice Beo's poor mood and left the old school building in her usual carefree mood.
  This was how it'd been for days now.
"..."
  Beo stared at his own reflection in the window and contemplated for a while.
  Unfortunately, this wouldn't solve anything.
  It wouldn't change the fact that his employer was still acting strangely,
  and it wouldn't get rid of the uncertainty he was constantly feeling in his chest.
  He knew he didn't have much other choice.
"I guess I'll just tail her."
  He decided to let go of his principles for just this one day.
"They say winter's going to be colder than usual this year."
"Make sure you've got sufficient food, clothing, and shelter."
"We should be fine on clothing, but make sure to shore up the other two."
  He listened to the talk around town as he passed through Misaki.
  It was just past one in the afternoon on a weekday.
  Workers had returned to the office after their lunch breaks, and the kids were all still in school.
  The main street was fairly calm and relaxed with mostly housewives out and about.
  Yet one person stood out in this calm and gentle sea of people.
  Touko endured the stares of the housewives out shopping, salespeople in their shops, and salarymen out on business as she walked through the main street.
  It wasn't just her sense of style that stood out, but also her generally powerful presence that attracted eyes.
  To put it simply, she walked with the confidence of a model on the runway.
(She's always telling me to try not to stand out, but look at her! It won't be only my fault if we're discovered...)
  Beo kept about ten yards behind Touko, careful not to actually mutter the words he was thinking in his head.
  In Touko's defense, she was fully aware of how much she stood out in a crowd.
  If she was out at a busier time of day, she always wore an accessory inscribed with a rune that diverted people's attention away from her and made her stand out approximately forty percent less.
  Touko finished up her shopping and headed toward the residential part of town.
  She walked up to a house that looked completely normal, 
  rang the doorbell and, after stating her name, the door opened quietly.
  It looked as though the things she had bought were for the resident of this house.
  The nameplate outside read "Asagi."
  Misaki was in the mountains. But, for just a moment, Beo got a whiff of sea brine.
  Assuming he must have just mistaken it for some other smell, he put it out of his mind.
  Touko came out of the house after about thirty minutes.
  She stretched her arms above her head and took a deep breath. Whatever had gone on inside seemed to have been rather serious.
  It was as if a weight had been lifted from her shoulders.
"That takes care of those negotiations, at least.
  Now all that's left is a final reminder..."
  Touko murmured, exasperated.
  But lurking behind her words, Beo could still detect that lofty scent emanating from her mouth.
  Her next stop was another plain-looking apartment.
  It looked as though she had just happened to walk by, but Beo's nose was not so easily deceived.
  Touko made it look like she was just aimlessly killing time, but she had in fact arranged to arrive at the apartment at exactly 2:30 PM.
  In the parking lot of the apartment...
"Huh?"
  Ritsuka Suse stepped out of a room on the first floor.
"Hey, long time no see!
  Fancy seeing you here, Ritsuka!"
"No way! Is that you, Toko?! You're back in town?"
"Yeah, since a little bit ago. I've been hiding out and laying low.
  It goes without saying that I'm here to crush this town, of course.
  I've come totally prepared to wipe the slate clean of my past this time.
  That's why I'm going to get this done before anyone from the Association or Church can stand in my way!"
"Well, how kind of you... Wait.
  Are you talking about ME?
  I'm the only one in the Association now, you know!"
"Oh, how strange! Or maybe that's lucky for me?
  To think I'd run into one of my targets while out here on a walk like this. I guess that saves me some trouble, huh?"
"I've got nothing to do with the Association, I swear!
  I haven't done any serious work in a year or more!
  Please don't tell me you're here to kill me! We were like brothers-in-training, right? Please don't!"
  The woman was tearfully flailing her arms at this point.
  She had nothing to worry about, though.
  Beo could see even from where he was peering through the fence that Touko had no real intent to kill anyone.
  She had a terrible habit of messing with people for her own entertainment; this time was no different.
  Unfortunately, the pleasure she took in it only made the target of her jokes feel doubly worse.
"...Hah. At least say we're like sisters."
"Whaaat? But Toko, you don't feel like a little sister at all! I'd never dare call myself your big sister!"
"True enough. You don't have the skills to claim to be my senior, to begin with. If I had to describe what you're good at, it's even worse than those dumb late-night infomercial products these days. Have you thought about a career change? I can refer you to a good place. There's this old and nearly bankrupt circus in Italy that's hiring."
"I've had enough of per diem work, thank you very much!
  Find me something with at least a weekly salary!"
"...Wow, you aren't even denying that you're worse than a mail-order doodad."
"Why would I? You're totally right.
  I'm completely useless!
  That's me, the Mage's Association's most worthless piece of baggage!"
  Maybe she was taken aback by Ritsuka's guileless smile, but Touko couldn't help but grin back at her.
  If one didn't know better, they would seem like good friends.
"I guess that clears up any suspicions you might have had about me.
  And if that's the case, do you want to come in for a bit? I have some things I need to get done, but I can do them later. It's been such a long time, and I'd like to catch up."
"You're as easygoing as ever.
  You're right. You've convinced me. You clearly don't have anything going on with the Association, and you're upholding your own principles.
  ...So you're really on Aoko's side, huh?"
"Of course! She's still learning the ropes.
  I just watch over her from a distance. Nothing more, nothing less."
"That's fine then. She's lucky to have someone like you that understands her."
  Touko took a step back, away from Ritsuka.
  She looked a bit regretful as she signaled that the conversation was over.
"Oh, you're not coming inside?
  I pour a pretty good cup of coffee nowadays."
"Thanks, but I'll have to pass. I'm still laying low, and I have a lot to do before I take over this town.
  I shouldn't relax too much just yet."
"Well, aren't we the hard worker?
  But you've always been like that. You always were one to focus on the process more than the goal.
  I've no idea what kind of preparations you're up to, but I feel sorry for whoever it is you're going after."
"Eh, it's just the usual. We'll have a magecraft battle, the victor will take the other's Crest, and that'll be it.
  I'm not an old-fashioned witch. I'm not going to put a curse on whoever I defeat in battle, you know?"
"That's exactly what I'm talking about, though.
  You're more interested in collecting their Crest than their life.
  I'd just feel sorry for them if that became their sole purpose in life.
  You might think you're going easy on them, but that's like living under constant torture."
  Touko nodded to show her agreement.
  Her collection of Crests would appear that way on the outside.
  Touko sought profit in combat.
  If a mage she defeated could provide her with profitable materials, she would not take their life.
  She would even save their life if she knew it would be to her advantage to do so.
  As a result, her workshop in London had a facility specifically built for the "comfort" of her magical suppliers.
  It housed mages who had either lost to her in battle or who had willingly agreed to contribute to her cause.
  Touko held many magecraft patents which earned her up to 10,000 pounds a month in royalties. However, the majority of this money went to the upkeep of that facility.
  The demands from the residents of the place for additional facilities and special privileges increased with every passing day. It was reaching a point where Touko needed to decide whether to incorporate or just let everyone go and be done with it.
"I promise, it's nothing nefarious or evil like a dungeon.
  Torture is too much work anyway. It actually costs less to just entertain them.
  There are so many good stories out there these days. I can just steal the plot of something and recreate it to make everyone happy.
  Real or fake, everyone wants to be the hero of their own story."
"Hmm, just out of curiosity, what's the ratio of the genres you use?
  30% romance, 30% action, 30% suspense, 10% cartoons?"
"Huh? Basically only horror, actually. Horror films have every element you could ever want!"
"...You know, that was always the part of you that scared me the most.
  You're a girl. You should be more into romance instead of that kinda stuff!"
"Hmph. I guess it's something I should consider if one of my potential targets says as much.
  Let's see, how does 80% horror sound for the balance of the virtual worlds I throw my prisoners into?"
"90% romance! Come on, please! If not romance, do 90% mystery!"
  This was clearly a response from someone who knew she'd lose if she had to go up against Touko.
"Very well. If that situation should ever arise, I'll try to accommodate you."
"Yes! Wait, what situation?"
"It's fine if you're friends with you-know-who, but I'm talking about if you ever become my enemy. Also, if you tell anyone about our conversation today, I'll snap you up from below before you can even blink."
"Huh? From below? Like, out of my shadow?
  But more important than that, Touko...
  I can't move an inch!"
"Hehehe. Sorry Ritsuka, but I actually spent a week setting a trap in your place.
  I made a familiar out of a shadow and put it in your doorway. It's going to be living in your shadow for a while, so try not say anything to inconvenience me.
"
"You mean I've been in a pickle all along?!
  Toko, you devil! You brute! You devil-brute! You need to learn some common sense! I knew I heard something the other night! I just thought it was a thief trying to pick my lock!"
  Ritsuka hadn't noticed the shadow familiar, but she had sensed Touko as she was setting her trap late at night.
  Touko didn't think Ritsuka could speak about common sense, since she had ignored an apparent burglar trying to break into her home for a week.
"Don't worry. The familiar will disintegrate at the beginning of the new year.
  See you around, Ritsuka. Hopefully we'll meet again. I'll take you up on that coffee of yours then, for sure.
  Also, I didn't mean to insult you by comparing you to an infomercial product. You live a simple life. I like that."
  Touko winked at her old friend and left the apartment behind her.
"Hopefully we'll meet again."
  Touko realized those were empty words.
  Her plan would not spare her mortal body. Be it a success, or be it a failure, Touko Aozaki would be erased from this world.
  Still, that was no reason not at least say something about meeting again.
  Perhaps Touko had more affection for Ritsuka than she realized.
  Even so, she left that friend behind in a state of paralysis.
  Touko had indeed returned home.
  That fact alone revealed much to Ritsuka.
  Two years older than Touko, Ritsuka had been contracted ten years prior to monitor Touko's grandfather, the mage who discovered the Fifth Magic.
  That made her both Touko and Aoko's senior,
  and she knew the sisters rather well.
"Hmm, she's gotta keep a few of us from talking, then.
  The first people to be on alert upon seeing Toko would be myself and..."
  One other person.
  Another with more seniority than the Aozaki sisters in the truest sense.
  There was one other beautiful person, one who had taught Touko.
"I'm sure she's probably got that handled, though.
  She's not one to overlook something like that."
"Toko really should learn to be colder toward her enemies, though. She's too soft on them--thinks too much of their human rights.
I don't know how I feel about her showing her face to a person she's decided to kill."
  Touko was a researcher more than she was a mage. Generally, she wasn't a fighter.
  She was cruel, but not cold.
  Despite her capability for vicious, ruthless treatment of people, she also displayed a measure of compassion for others.
  Ritsuka sighed as if the problem were her own, and hoped that inconsistency wouldn't end up hurting Touko.
  Touko left the neighborhood and began heading toward the largest park in the town.
  It was three in the afternoon on this early winter day on the boulevard.
  If it were autumn, the street would be lined with people out for a walk to look at the colorful trees, but now Touko was alone.
  ...Though to be accurate, she wasn't quite alone.
  Beo was walking along the grass more than ten yards behind his employer when he noticed a change in her scent.
(Are you really not wearing your glasses out here, Touko?)
  Touko's personality changed significantly depending on whether or not she was wearing her glasses.
  Beo wasn't sure which side was her true self, but he did know that she was much more serious and cruel without her glasses.
  It wasn't quite to the level of a split personality... more like a reordering of priorities. She mainly took off her glasses when she was about to fight someone.
  Doing so made her less human. It pushed all sense of compromise, concern, and sympathy out of her brain.
(That must mean the scent getting closer is of her enemy... I think...)
  Beo furrowed his brow as he hid behind a tree.
  He could certainly smell hostility and anticipation emanating from Touko.
  But at the same time, he couldn't help but scrunch his nose up at the strange scent that kept getting stronger.
"Hello. I just happened to be out for a walk. What a coincidence meeting you out here, Touko."
"Ah, yes, what a coincidence indeed. We're not the sort to stop and chat, so let's just keep this to formalities, shall we?"
  Beo had no idea who was talking to Touko.
  His name was Eiri Fumidsuka.
  He was a priest of Aida Church and an enemy to Beo and Touko.
  However, it was impossible for Beo to sense this.
  He had no personal hostility toward the clergy anyway.
  As far as Beo could tell, he was just a regular person. There was no chance that Touko could be at a disadvantage here.
  ...He would later learn a harsh lesson from someone who seemed similarly harmless, but that was a tale for another time.
"So how are things going with you? God's house must be full of hard workers. Any greedy trolls show up hungry for concessions?"
"I can agree on the hard workers part, but greed is not a problem in our organization.
  Any who come to us usually do so on the basis of doctrine, nothing more.
  Don't people driven by duty rather than greed frighten you more?"
"I thought I said we weren't going to waste time on small talk.
  Just cut to the chase. Is your follower going to sound the bell or not?"
"My, my, my. You're one to talk.
  You're very nearly a workaholic yourself, Touko.
  You mean to tell me you don't even have time for a little conversation? After all, this might be the last time we ever see each other again."
"Please. This is the last time and you know it."
  Touko curtly rejected the smiling priest's request for a chat.
  She was being as blunt as she could.
"If we were ever to meet again, I'm certain it would only be in a fight to the death.
  We both know each other's intentions. One of us would be dead the moment we laid eyes on the other. There's no time for idle chitchat."
"That's just what you happen to think, Touko.
  Why is it that you people can only think of eradicating whoever stands in your way?"
  Eiri shrugged his shoulders in frustration.
  Touko kept her gaze fixed intently on his overcoat.
  No matter how many times he said he wanted to resolve this peacefully, she would bet her pride that he didn't mean it.
"See, this is what happens when one goes out, experiences the world, and returns to their home. I would have liked it if you had worked on your personal charm, instead.
  Oh come on, don't glare at me like that. I'm getting to the point."
"I am entrusted with all reports to the Church. My report is now, 'The Second Owner is currently battling a heretic. I am monitoring them under my clerical authority, in accordance with the neutrality pact. The affiliation of the heretic is unknown, and I am investigating their history.'"
"So you're telling me that the Church is still unaware of the affiliation of the mage who's appeared in town?"
"Right. Sister Yuika reports to a different jurisdiction from my own, but she has not even seen the heretic, let alone uncovered their workshop.
  There will most likely be no interference from the Church until she is able to reveal who our enemy is.
  Perhaps they are thinking it's a small turf war between mages who've just come into town?"
"I see. So we do have a deal.
  As long as you're the only one who knows that I'm back in town, I'll lay low. I also won't get in contact with any of my blood relatives."
"Very well. I know you're not the type to sabotage things indiscriminately, and that you prefer to do things as efficiently as possible.
  You might get carried away and try to make your secret hideout in some factory or office building somewhere, right?
  I won't allow the bloodshed in this parish to continue on my watch--or anything else that might sully my reputation."
  Touko had to resist the urge to object and ask just what kind of person he thought she was.
  She did hate wastefulness, but she wasn't about to entirely abandon society and its norms just for the sake of doing things optimally.
  Besides, criminal activities were always a pain to clean up later and thus far more inefficient.
"...I guess that's fine. We're both coming out ahead here.
  Just keep watch until things are settled."
"Oh, you're leaving? So soon.
  I haven't had the chance to fully appreciate what you look like now."
"I feel the opposite. I hope this is the last time I ever have to lay eyes on you again."
"Ah, wait. Before you go, let me ask you one thing."
  Eiri spoke just as Touko was about to take a step back.
  He had effortlessly stopped her from leaving.
"This is the last thing I'll say.
  You look quite uneasy, Touko. Are you feeling stifled here?"
"That couldn't be further from the truth. I'm feeling more fulfilled than ever.
  Why do you ask, Eiri?"
"You look like you're having fun, but also like you're not truly happy. I was just worried because it seems you don't even realize it yourself."
"I remember you used to say that everyone finds happiness in different things.
  But you don't know me. So don't pretend to know what makes me happy."
"Well, of course I don't know down to the fine details. Women in particular have a notoriously bizarre concept of happiness.
  But happiness can easily be categorized into two major types.
  It seems you haven't even figured that out yet, and it's hard to watch."
"...Oh? I'm greatly obliged for the concern. Still insist on playing senior apprentice, eh?
  Fine, I'll listen. Let's see what you have to say."
  If it happened to be something worthless, she would kill him.
  If it erased all the progress she had made on her plans over the past month, or even the two last years, she would kill him.
  Touko's hostility had clearly turned to murderous rage.
"It's quite obvious, really.
  The two types of happiness are relative and absolute. It depends on whether you compare yourself to others or not.
  You're either happy because you yourself are at peace, or...
  You're the type of person who can't stand it if you have less than someone else, even if you're otherwise fulfilled."
"The definition of happiness basically comes down to that.
  I know it goes without me saying, but...
  Most people want to be happier than those around them."
  The holy man smiled calmly, wrapped in his shadowy black clothing.
  Touko remembered clearly now.
  This was a man who actually didn't believe in the concept of true happiness.
"Come now, calm yourself. If you try anything, Sister Yuika will be here in a flash.
  I know that your idea of happiness is not relative. You were always the type to be satisfied as long as you stayed true to yourself.
  The only Aozaki I know who has a relative definition of happiness is..."
  He stopped himself before he could say Aoko.
  The priest seemed to have spoken out of genuine concern for Touko, but his words had the opposite effect on her.
  Although he was reluctant to part on such ill terms, Eiri knew it was best not to anger Touko any further.
"I've said too much. Please forgive me, puppet master.
  I will take my leave now. I pray that you will see a good outcome in your endeavors."
"Good. Get lost. Your gloomy act isn't helping my mood.
  ...What's up with your outfit anyway? Doesn't wearing that cloak around town make people avoid you?"
"Everyone is very much used to it by now.
  Besides, how else can I carry a weapon without people noticing?
  I'm sure it was glaringly obvious to you, but I have about three on me right now."
  Eiri turned and walked back in the direction he came from with a smile still on his face.
"...What a joke. I only saw one, and it was just a small dagger.
  How would he hide three anyway? He's not even a mage! Is he some kind of street magician now or something?"
  Touko muttered to herself as she thought back over the man who had stood before her just moments ago.
  She truly hated the fact that he had the upper hand on her, but she also felt a bit relieved.
  If she had actually noticed how heavily armed he was during that brief conversation, it would have been enough to instantly set off a fight.
  Touko wasn't sure which one of them would have come out the victor if that had happened.
  Eiri Fumidsuka had been that kind of man for as long as she had known him.
  He didn't need a reason, or even an opponent to fight.
  Nor did he need any kind of connection or hatred.
  He was just a machine that simply needed an ignition.
  He was murder incarnate, with no qualms about cutting someone down.
  Touko had only seen that side of him once.
  It was back when she was still a relatively happy disciple of magecraft.
  Touko had been standing quietly before her grandfather, crying. The instant her first tears fell, without warning, without hesitation, Eiri cut down their master in an instant.
"What have you done?! Why did you just kill him like that?!"
"Because I thought I could."
  Eiri could not fathom how much this curt response would affect such a young Touko.
  He had not meant to say,
  "My opponent showed a moment of weakness, and I knew I could win, so I took the opportunity."
  All he meant was...
  "I felt capable of killing him, so I did."
  This man had become her grandfather's disciple, forged an unrivaled friendship with him, and yet had still mercilessly cut him down when the desire arose.
  He possessed some sort of superhuman ability that had allowed him to destroy the mortal vessel of a mage who had been infinitely close to being a Magician.
"Argh, this is all so fishy! And a pain!
  I'll have to kill him since he annoys me, but that's just one more thing to do after stealing the Magic. Damn it, Eiri!"
  Touko put her glasses back on and turned on her heel.
  She had completed all her major tasks for the day.
  All that was left was to make some money to buy food for her familiar and head back to the hideout.
(Wait, what was with that sudden romantic mood?!)
  Setting aside Beo's mental shout of dismay for a moment...
  The scent that had been bothering him for the past few days had suddenly disappeared.
  His employer was back to being the old Touko Aozaki he knew, and she was headed into the entertainment district.
"..."
  Beo sniffed at the air.
  The scent had vanished, and he no longer had a reason to continue tailing Touko.
  But where had it gone?
  And where had it come from in the first place?
  Beo thought about it for a few moments.
(It must be that shady guy just earlier!)
  Beo regained his composure and decided to follow the trail of the man's scent.
  He had no idea that where he was going was his employer's worst nightmare.
  Aida Church was set up to accept visitors any time of day, any day of the year.
  The church was the savior of the lost and the poor, and recently had even ventured into the wedding industry for some extra income.
  It was closely involved with the public welfare of Misaki City and was doing fairly well for itself in that regard.
  However, there was one problem.
"...Father Eiri is still not in?
  Ritsuka is boycotting the Church, and we are losing volunteers with each passing day. I'm the only one working here at this point."
  Even if their financial situation was stable, they seemed to be chronically understaffed.
"The people of this city lack faith.
  What sort of life is spent demanding money in exchange for labor? Days spent chasing after material desires can only lead to a life of hollow wealth and mental poverty."
  The nun muttered to herself quietly as she picked up the stepladder with one hand.
  Although it was a proper stepladder they used for cleaning the church windows and weighed too much to be carried by even two strong adults, the mass didn't seem to faze her.
"The desolation of the hearts and minds of our flock is a concern, but we also mustn't forget the increasing costs of living. There are whispers of an impending sales tax, and Father Eiri must be convinced of the great results we can achieve in a single day if we hold more wedding ceremonies.
  He'll go out of his way to help anyone and everyone but won't think about the work that comes after that. What is he going to do about all those stray cats in the back garden? Ah, right, that and any other physical labor always falls to me, doesn't it?"
  This nun mumbling to herself at a near-constant pace was Sister Yuika Suse.
  There was a reason for her unusual behavior.
  Yuika was completely blind and had honed her other senses to keenly perceive her surroundings.
  She was extremely sensitive to the presence of living creatures, particularly humans, and could detect when someone was within a radius of thirty feet.
  She could talk to herself so openly now because she did not sense anyone nearby.
"Let's see... What leftover food do we have? Ah, there's that set of assorted jams we received as a gift.
  What shall we do, my Lord? Can a cat eat two-day-old bread that's rock hard? Ritsuka was clear about not giving them onions, if I remember correctly..."
  Sister Yuika was busy putting away the cleaning tools while simultaneously trying to prepare dinner for the hungry animals mewing in the back garden.
  When suddenly...
"Oh? Do we have a new lost child among us?"
  Sister Yuika suddenly sensed the presence of a small dog in the church.
"I'm sorry, little one, but today is for cats only. If I throw you in with that bunch, they'll be too surprised to eat.
  I'll give you some food, but you'll have to wait until next time to come inside. We can't be taking in any more animals tonight."
  She put her foot in front of the small brown dog to stop him from coming any further inside the church's gate.
  Yuika was somewhat rougher in her treatment of non-human creatures.
(What is this irritating creature?)
  Beo, who'd convinced himself to transform into a small dog instead of a wolf like he really wanted, only saw Sister Yuika as an obstacle in his way.
  He could smell the scent of the man in black ahead, further inside.
  Beo thought little of humans, and in this moment Sister Yuika was simply an obstacle.
  So naturally, he ignored her warnings and attempted to push through the gate.
"...Hm? W-what is this color?
  This dog is a most unusual color... Perhaps it's a rare exotic breed, in which case..."
  He might be some wealthy person's pet.
  Since the dog came to the church, its rich owner might also attend church services...
  Yuika stopped trying to push the dog away from the gate.
"I'm sorry. I'm sure you're here to see Father Eiri, but he's still out at the moment. I'll give you the best food we have today if you just run on along home, okay?"
(Ugh, what an annoying, irritating woman!
  Perfect, nobody's around. I'll just go for her throa-)
  Beo's front legs stopped suddenly before he could launch himself at Sister Yuika.  
  Pop.
  Sister Yuika opened the lid of the bottle she held and poured out a glimmering liquid into a small dish.
 She set it down in front of the dog.
(Umm...)
"Here you go. Eat up!"
  The mysterious, unknown liquid sat in front of Beo.
  It smelled like nothing he'd ever smelled before.
  Beo was known to let curiosity get the best of him.
  Even if it was poisoned, no poison of the natural world could harm him.
  He lapped up a mouthful.
(...W-what...)
  He lapped up a little more.
(...is this...)
  He lapped up even more.
(...flavor!?)
  He lapped up more and more.
"My, my! You're lapping that up like it was milk!
  I think I might actually like you, even though you are a dog."
(I want more!)
  The church became filled with the echoes of Beo's boisterous barking.
  At this point he'd completely forgotten about the man's scent.
"Hehe, it's sweet and delicious, isn't it? I'm impressed.
  I didn't know dogs could have such a sweet tooth."
(Sweet? Is this what sweet takes like?)
  Beo looked up at Sister Yuika as she whispered to him.
  He had the feeling that sweet was an important word he should remember.
  This food sent a sensation through him that was like a flash of lightning.
  Until this point, eating food had been nothing more than a process of refueling.
  He liked hamburgers, but that never amounted to more than a preference for a particular mouthfeel. He only ate because he needed the nutrition.
  But this was different. This food was not necessary to his survival.
  And yet he knew he wanted more.
  He didn't really need it, but it made him feel good.
  It was like food for his soul rather than his body.
(Wait, isn't this smell...)
  He stopped wagging his tail.
  The golden wolf in the form of a small dog sat with the food that was the very origin of his name in front of him. Beowulf was faced with a difficult problem he was unable to solve.
"I'm home!"
"Welcome back, Beo.
  I was worried about you. It's late! As your trainer and master, I have to punish you for staying out so late without checking in with me. Kneel right there."
  Beo had transformed back into human form and returned to the workshop. Touko was waiting there for him with a big, strained smile on her face.
"Ah, right."
  Beo knew he had messed up.
  He had failed to get back home before Touko because of Sister Yuika.
"Aw, do I really have to kneel in the corner?
  I was out late, but nobody saw me! I wasn't doing anything bad!"
"Are you sure nobody saw you?
  Were you out playing in the mountains?"
"No, I was in town. But nobody noticed me, I'm sure of it. I was actually following you!"
  Touko froze at Beo's completely unexpected response.
  But, she was used to him by now. She just sighed and rubbed her head, now throbbing from a terrible headache.
"...Fine. I suppose I was the one who taught you that nothing's bad, as long as you don't get caught. I also never explicitly told you that you couldn't follow me, so I'll let this one slide.
  But how did you avoid being noticed? I'm pretty sure you would've drawn attention to yourself in that form."
"That's my trade secret. If I told you, then I won't be able to see you like I did today. You looked like you were really having fun with that person."
"...!"
  Touko's response was both honest and out of character.
  Even Beo was surprised at how taken aback she was by his statement.
"That wasn't fun. I don't know what kind of weird idea you got from that, but it was a negotiation. I was simply holding the entire town hostage to keep him from interfering as a priest of the Church, and..."
"Well, I was actually talking about the girl.
  The one that you left unable to move."
"Urgh..."
  Woman and wolf stared at each other for a silent moment.
  Beo looked satisfied with himself and his secret information.
"...
  But I guess that means that guy's your mate, right?"
"Ngh...!"
  Touko nearly choked at the utterly fearless question.
  The puppet master wordlessly removed her glasses and tamped down her emotions.
"Tell me, Beo, why do you even know that word?
  There's no reason for you to know about such things."
"Why wouldn't I? It's a word all creatures are familiar with.
  ...Granted, I never thought of you as a normal creature, so I'm a little surprised myself.
  Anyway, who is that plain, potato-looking male anyway?"
  Beo was suddenly irritated.
  He was irritated, but he couldn't figure out why.
"He's literally nothing. To me, anyway. Your assessment is correct. He isn't worth thinking about, and he's not even good enough for you to eat."
"Really? He's just an enemy? And I'm the only special person in your life?"
"For the time being, yes.
  ...I thought it might rekindle something, but there was absolutely nothing there. I don't think I'll ever think about him like that again."
"All right, then! If that's the case then I'll forget about it! Say, what do you mean by 'rekindle' anyway?"
"It's just when you think you can make a relationship like it was in the past.
  I mean, I guess there was a slight chance of that happening. He was my first love, after all."
"Huh?"
  Beo had no firsthand experience with love, but he at least understood the concept of first love.
"YOU had a first love?!"
"...I'm not sure why you think a mate is more believable than a first love.
  It was a long time ago. I was still a teenager, and he had just started studying under my grandfather. He wasn't studying magecraft. He was just training under him to hone his mind."
  Touko spoke indifferently, and it was clear from the look on her face that there was no longer any attachment there.
  Yet there was still a tenderness in her words that caused Beo to furrow his brow.
"Miss Touko... do you still like him?"
"No. I was surprised at how little I felt for him.
  There's just this remnant of my adolescence there. Just talking to people I know from that time takes me back, you know?
  I'm not attracted to him at all anymore as a person. But when I talk to him, I can remember that past version of myself so clearly it makes me want to laugh."
  Beo grew only more confused as Touko spoke with such passion.
  He couldn't wrap his head around the concept that she hated him yet somehow also still liked him.
"I don't get it."
"That's because you don't have likes or dislikes. Sometimes you can't use logic to understand human relationships."
"I do too have likes and dislikes!
  There are certain foods that I like more than others, you know!"
"You only work on the standard of whether something is useful or not.
  Wild animals only use taste as a sensor to measure how nutritious something is.
  Only humans eat for reasons other than pure nutritional value.
  Some of the food we like doesn't help sustain us. We eat what we eat because we enjoy it. That's also why things we like look sweet."
"Things you like look sweet?"
"I mean, that was just an example. But we don't look at something we like and think it's bitter. Well, maybe some people do, I don't know.
  It all depends on what you're into, I guess.
  It's like 'what came first, the chicken or the egg?' Is something sweet because we like it, or do we like it because it's sweet?"
"Yeah, but, I don't think you look sweet."
"Of course not! You're not actually 'alive!'
  You exist, but you're not really alive. There's a difference.
  It's kind of ironic, actually. If you were to ever figure that difference out, you wouldn't be invincible anymore."
"..."
"Anyway, it's time for dinner. I won a lot today, so I bought some nice marbled beef for you."
  Touko walked into the classroom, back in her usual mood.
  Beo lingered in the hallway looking dejected.
"You're not actually alive!"
  Those words pierced right through Beo's heart, but he didn't quite know why yet.
  Three weeks would pass before he got a hint of why that was the case.
  Lugh Beowulf was perfect...
  ...and yet he would lose,
  at the hands of a particularly imperfect creature.
  The sound of a phone ringing echoed through the empty hallways of the school.
  It was January, and both the mage who had remodeled the building,
  and the Magician who had expelled her from it, were long gone.
  The telephone that Touko had installed on a whim rang and rang without letting up, as if it knew for sure that someone was there to answer it.
"Argh, shut up!"
  Something rustled inside.
  There were definitely no people inside the school building, but there was one non-human creature sleeping there.
"Hi, you've reached the Misaki branch of the Hollow Shrine.
  The owner has run away with her tail between her legs and is currently unavailable, so please leave a message after the... ah, Miss Touko?
  Ah, yes, yes. That's fine. Have a good trip. Don't worry about me."
  The classroom was occupied by a young boy with blond hair.
  Even before the phone rang, he was in human form.
  It used to be that when he was alone, he would always doze off in his wolf form. But not anymore.
  There was no real need for him to stay in his human form, but he did anyway.
  It was now his normal state of being when he was not in combat.
"Just call me if you need anything. I know my contract is up, but I'm still your familiar.
  No, I'm not being sarcastic. I'm proud to be your familiar. Until I find a better employer, I'm leaving my collar with you."
  Beo couldn't help but wonder where Touko was traveling.
  She had accepted her loss and ended her contract with her familiar.
  She said it was because she hadn't fulfilled her promise to let him fight Magic.
  However, that was actually the fault of her familiar, and not her responsibility at all. Beo had not fulfilled his duty as her bodyguard yet.
"So, where are you now?"
  It was the name of a country he wasn't familiar with.
  After the battle, she had promptly left Japan to develop a way to break the curse.
"What do you mean, accept your loss?
  Does that mean you haven't given up yet?"
  Touko laughed on the other end of the line.
  Somehow, Beo sensed a tropical scent coming through the phone.
  Whether that was a Mystical effect of Touko's handcrafted phone,
  or the werewolf's super senses, was unclear.
"Well, come home soon, okay? I'll be here waiting. Bring me back something delicious, will you?"
  Touko asked him why.
  If he had really decided to stay on as her familiar, there was no reason for him to stay there.
"Hmm... I don't really know myself, actually."
  As he stumbled over his words, Beo patted his chest a few times and remembered the pain he had felt.
"Ehehe. How do I put this...?
  It's like... when I'm here, I think I can understand what sweet really means."
  The wolf who had learned to accept being wasteful expressed his future goal, a vague hint of delight in his voice.
  Thus concluded an exceptionally rare case of first love, sweet as honey.
  Aozaki was waiting in the east wing.
"Sorry. Did I keep you long?"
"No. Not like I have anything else to do anyway.
  Let's head inside. I think you know most of the guests, but we should still introduce you."
  That's Aozaki for you. Always likes to do things properly.
  With her characteristic sincerity on full display, she turned the doorknob.
  The moment I entered, I had to stop myself from jumping out of my skin.
  The parlor was cozy compared to the lobby, but I didn't have time to appreciate it.
  I was too distracted by a familiar face I hadn't expected to run into.
  First was Alice Kuonji.
  I was nervous because I'd only met her once or twice, but she wasn't the one who surprised me.
  Next was Beo.
  He was a child who often hung around the shopping district, almost like a guardian spirit... or perhaps, a greedy little goblin. I'd spoken to him before, so he wasn't a shocker either.
  Last was the student council vice president.
  Come to think of it, he was acquainted with Aozaki and Sizuki, so it made sense he'd be at this birthday party.
  It did make sense... right?
"Hey. What's Tsukiji doing here?"
"Oh, didn't I say he was coming?
  Should I have let you know if he was going to show up?"
"I... don't exactly have a problem with him."
"So what's the issue? We see each other every day at the student council, don't we?"
"Well, we're not in school. And, well... I'm in my regular clothes."
  Aozaki gave me a look that said, "and...?"
  Of course there was a problem.
  Could you blame me for hiding it? To be frank, I had a crush on Tobimaru Tsukiji.
  I'd felt this way for three years.
  Three whole years, and I still hadn't said anything. I knew it was spineless of me.
  This might not mean much coming from me, but I wasn't always a coward.
  During my freshman year, I was only vaguely aware of him as Aozaki's coworker.
  I only really became aware of my feelings during my second year.
  He spoke to me often, maybe because he trusted me as Aozaki's friend.
  And whenever he did, I went home happy; at the time, I didn't know why.
  The realization hit me when we happened to be cleaning up together after a school festival in my second year.
  We were just tidying things away, when bam! I realized maybe I'd liked him all along.
  They say love's a poison,
  but yeesh, talk about delayed effects.
  Anyway, nothing really changed after that.
  In an act of rebellion against my simple-minded family,
  I decided to never inherit the family business.
  That was why I liked to believe I've been hard-working and disciplined since middle school. It's a personal point of pride.
  And, it made it all the more excruciating to accept that I'd been overtaken by teenage infatuation.
  You could say that I lacked courage.
  Eventually, the school year passed by even as I did nothing about my feelings...
  ...but I never got over him.
  We entered the fall of my third year. Graduation was close, but I still had no idea what to do about my crush.
  Then, I learned to my surprise that Tsukiji would be attending a local college. I had this on good authority, since I'd flexed my powers as a student council member to dig into it.
  It wasn't Mizora, but if he was going to a nearby school, that would be... unfortunate.
  After all, if I also went to college nearby, I wouldn't be able to cut my ties with him.
  Aozaki told me once.
"Pretty sure Tobimaru's interested in you, Kuma.
  He only makes small talk with people he likes, right?"
  I wanted to believe it was true.
  I mean, he even broke his arm to save me during the craziness this summer.
  I didn't know if Tsukiji had a girlfriend, but I was sure I had a chance if I asked him out.
  But... but...
  Giving in felt like throwing away everything I'd fought for so far.
  Ever since I was a kid, I'd planned ahead. I used to look down on classmates who were obsessed with childish dreams and romance.
  And now, here I was, actually willing to give up six long years of hard work for the dumbest of reasons.
  That wasn't me. That wasn't the Kojika Kumari I was trying to become.
"Earth to Kuma. You okay there?"
"Yeah, I just needed a moment to clear my head. I'm A-OK now.
I think I'll go say hi to Miss Kuonji."
  ...so I said, but I couldn't shake a slight tinge of regret.
  I should've listened to Aozaki, instead of laughing through my nose when she said to wear something nice to the party.
"..."
  Well, it's not like I had a nice dress to wear anyway, so there isn't much I could've done to impress him.
  I clapped my hands on my cheeks to get my head on straight, and tried to carry myself as I always did.
  After greeting the mistress of the house, I went into the adjacent sunroom.
  I recognized the other guests here, so there was no need for introductions.
  The sunroom and drawing room were connected, and you could see each room from the other.
  Miss Kuonji sat on a sofa in the drawing room, elegantly sipping a cup of tea.
  Chatting nearby were 
Housuke and 
Housuke and 
Mr. Yamasiro--didn't expect to see him here.
"Ah, so those were oak trees in the backyard. We have 'nara' trees here in Japan, but hmm... I don't remember them looking like yours.
  It must be a unique species. Japanese and British oaks look very different, and I understand that there are some four hundred or more species of oak."
"He's just dronin' on about the stuff he likes, as if anyone else actually cares. Fair warning, Alice--he's the kind of teacher who doesn't give a damn what students think, so you're better off ignoring him.
  Never mind that. Want to do anything over winter break?
  You don't seem like much of a skier. I could teach you how, if you want."
"Can't either of you talk about something interesting for once?
  It's like listening to a pair of woodpeckers."
"Hahaha! You're putting these front doors on the same level as those pecking, blathering, birdbrains?! Better than Sono-G, I guess, but only slightly.
  Still, I'm way better than either of them! And all I do is live or die!"
"...What's wrong with that fat bird?"
  There was a blue robin flitting to and fro around Miss Kuonji's head, chirping adorably.
  But whenever it tried to land on her shoulder, she batted it away. Is that how she raised her pets?
  Aozaki was nowhere to be seen. She was probably in the kitchen or bathroom.
  With nobody to talk to, I took a seat and let my thoughts wander, until...
"Hey, Kumari. Did they invite you too?
  Work get out late today?"
"..."
  Tsukiji kicked off a conversation in his usual, casual way.
  His slender arms were picturesque, even while holding a glass of juice.
"I'm off work today. Took three whole days off, actually. I'm on track to hit my budget, anyway."
"Nice! So the countdown's ticking until liftoff from Misaki, eh?
I guess we won't be saying good morning to each other at the corner store anymore.
  Wait. Wasn't it you who dumped water on me for trying to smoke once?"
  That took me back.
  Back in my freshman year, there was a student cocky enough to smoke in my store's parking lot.
  He was from a different school, but that didn't matter. I ran up to him, warned him, then hosed him down with water. Can you believe I did that to a stranger?
  I got flustered and tried to apologize, but the boy was already reaching for another cigarette before I even finished.
  He'd turned out to be Tobimaru Tsukiji.
"Man, I really didn't expect to see you again, much less in the student council room. Maybe that's my destiny? To get sprayed with water by girls I like."
"Life's just like that sometimes. When did you get here, Tsukiji?"
"We've been here since morning. Kinomi got a bug in his ass, so I didn't have a choice.
  The birthday party isn't 'til six, so we've still got plenty of time.
  If you're tired, why don't you go take a nap in one of the rooms? You look pretty pale."
"..."
  If I had to describe the most unfair aspect of Tsukiji, it was his ability to be sensitive even while coming off as rude.
  For my part, I was way too shy.
  It took a serious effort to talk to a lot of people in a new place, even if I already knew them.
"Yeah. Good idea. I'll go take a break."
"That's the spirit. Which one was your room again...?"
"Hey, Toby! Do you know where Soujyuro went?"
"Shopping, I think.
  Said something about needing more drinks."
"Well, he coulda said something! I wish he wouldn't try to do everything by himself all the time.
  Not that I got anything against lone wolves!"
  As I mentioned earlier, the blond boy's name was Beo.
  I didn't know his full name, nor had he ever formally introduced himself.
  Tsukiji, Aozaki, and Sizuki all called him Beo, so I just followed their lead.
  He seemed to be fond of Sizuki. Whenever he had a chance, you'd hear him go,
"Soujyuro, I want to go to a theme park the next time you're on break."
"Soujyuro, are you hungry? Let's go out for lunch!"
"Soujyuro, could you pat me on the head? No real reason, I just want you to."
  And so on. He clung to him like a cat to a curtain.
  Was Sizuki even the kind of person that was popular with kids? All the "Soujyuro, Soujyuro" every day was starting to grate on me.
  Anyway, I went to find my guest room.
"Kumari, do you know where your room is?"
"I asked Aozaki earlier. She'll be back in about thirty minutes."
  At the very least, I should greet the mansion's owner and the guests.
  I decided to head straight to the drawing room.
"Come on. Pretty much everyone's here already."
  The corridor of the east wing's first floor was dimly lit.
  I could hear the sound of friendly chatter from beyond the door ahead.
  I'll check out the guest room first.
"Housuke, give me back my luggage. I'm going to go look at my room. Where're the guest rooms, Aozaki?"
"Second floor of the east wing. Yours is the second one down.
  It's unlocked. But there's a key on the desk in there, so go ahead and use it to lock the door on your way out."
  I nodded before making my way to the stairs.
  On the second floor, I found my room
  as described.
  It was unoccupied.
  I checked to make sure I was alone, then put down my luggage and stowed my wallet in a pocket.
  I considered keeping my favorite bunny-shaped commuter pass--and lucky charm--with me, but all it contained was a yearly school festival photo anyway. I left it on the table.
  I was going to be spending the night in an unfamiliar building. It was best to travel light.
"Where's that key...? Oh, here it is."
  It was a brass key, with an old-fashioned and elaborate design that perfectly complemented the mansion's European theme.
  I stepped back into the second-floor corridor.
  In the corner of my eye, I spotted an old man in the hall.
  Must be one of the guests. I set off in his direction to greet him.
"Huh?"
  As soon as I did,
  the old man had vanished. I checked the foyer downstairs, but he wasn't there either.
"Maybe he went to the west wing."
  It was a little concerning, but it would've been rude to wander around the house without greeting the owner first.
  I headed for the east wing drawing room, where laughter was ringing from within.
  I decided to do something completely meaningless.
  Honestly, I didn't mean anything by it. It wasn't even a sudden idea―just a whim, a flight of fancy.
"I think I dropped something. I'm going to go look outside, so head on to the drawing room without me."
"You're going outside? I'll come with you."
"Aw c'mon. Kojika's the klutz, so let her deal with it herself.
  You should come with me, prez. I won't know what to talk with Alice about if you aren't there."
"Huh? But I shouldn't let Kuma go by her―"
"Would you mind taking us to the drawing room first, Aozaki? It's a little chilly here in the foyer."
"But I really shouldn't leave a guest alone."
"It's fine, really. I'll be back before you know it.
  Housuke, give me my luggage. I can handle it from here."
  I left the others behind and headed outside.
  Aimlessly, I wandered the woods near the mansion, gawking like a tourist.
  No one was around, and the sky was getting increasingly cloudy.
"Hm?"
  That was strange. I felt like someone was watching me.
  I...
-Decision C-
  ...Time to find out who that was.
  It went against my better judgment, but I decided to track down whoever had been watching me.
  I headed around to the rear of the mansion, where there was a small thicket.
  It looked only slightly better kept than the woods surrounding the estate.
  There,
  I saw a woman. She looked terribly out of place.
"Hello, there. Are you one of today's guests?"
  Instinctively, I backed away.
  That was how overwhelming her presence was.
  The leaves crinkled and crunched as my heels trampled them
  during my hasty retreat.
  The woman watched me with amusement, as if observing a small animal.
"I didn't expect much from their guests, but how mistaken I was! Here you are, a feast for my eyes!
  I have to say, Aoko might actually have some taste after all. This will make things much more interesting."
  The way she looked at me was a little―no, *incredibly* off-putting.
  Where are the police when you need them?
"No need to be alarmed. I'm a guest just like you. Let's be friends.
  To be frank, I didn't expect anyone else to be checking out the lay of the land, before things *go down*.
  Oh, I like you. I like you, and you're cute... so here's a freebie.
  I normally can't see very well. I'm in Aozaki's room. And, I'm not the culprit."
"Huh?"
"Trust me, it'll come in handy. Just keep a lid on it, okay?"
  And with those strange words, the woman walked off in the direction of the mansion.
  I didn't feel like following her, so I reentered the house from the front door.
  Once in the foyer, I could hear laughter coming from the east wing drawing room, to my right.
  I'd kept Aozaki waiting long enough.
  Picking up my luggage, I made my way over.
  ...Something clearly wasn't right.
  I recalled this place's reputation as a haunted mansion, but firmly resolved to put that out of my mind. Still, if I was going to explore, it was best not to go alone.
  Returning to the foyer, I could hear laughter coming from the east wing drawing room, to my right.
  I picked up my luggage and made my way over.
"Oh, dear."
  We were on the third floor.
  A hellish scene greeted us in the attic directly above the hall.
  In the center of the room was Yurihiko Tokitsu...
  ...or so we believed.
  The faceless body had been burned, and most of its limbs mangled.
  Only the torso remained in a vaguely recognizable shape.
  A burning stench filled the air inside the soot-covered walls.
"...Can't tell whose face that is anymore, but that's definitely the old man's suitcase."
"Forget it! I ain't looking!"
"Good old Tokie. Grandiose even in death."
"I'm in the mood for barbeque now."
"Hey, was the room locked?"
"No, Soujyuro's room―I mean, the attic doesn't have a lock. Anyone can come in."
"Well, shit. Looks like an explosion killed him.
  I don't see any source of the combustion, though... did Yurihiko like playing with explosives? I wouldn't put it past an artist."
"Let's all just calm down. I think this was premeditated. This is a crime scene."
"Is this flour?"
  Housuke remained on the second floor, trembling.
  The rest of us took turns surveying the scene.
"Nobody touch anything, okay?
  Look around in pairs, and make sure the other person doesn't do anything suspicious.
  Allie, do you mind if I call the police? Thanks. I'll go use the phone in the foyer."
  Following the orders of a now quite animated Ritsuka, we moved about in pairs.
  Since Housuke ran off, I ended up paired with Tsukiji.
"Damn. What a way to go out.
  Who kills someone with an explosion?"
  I was surprised Tsukiji already saw this as a murder.
"...You don't think it was an accident?"
"No, I don't. There's zero chance Tokitsu would handle explosives in the Kuonji house."
"Just look at his torso. There are faint scorch marks around his waist. Could be rope burns.
  It's possible he was tied up and held prisoner."
"..."
  Tied up and killed with a bomb without anyone noticing...?
"But, why?"
"Why indeed. Who would go through this much trouble?
I suppose the advantage of using explosives is... you can detonate them remotely at a time of your choosing. Helps with creating an alibi."
  Wow.
  Dead body or not, Tsukiji didn't skip a beat.
  He stayed calm and composed as he analyzed the situation.
  At times like this, he seemed so perfect.
  Actually, whenever I saw him get serious about anything, he was so damned cool.
"But now, I know what the murder weapon was: bread."
"Huh?"
  A voice called out to us from below.
"Down here, everyone! We've got a problem!
  The phone line is out!"
  Tsukiji and I looked at each other.
"We should check it out, Kumari."
  I nodded, and we exited the attic together.
  Father Eiri closed and locked the door behind us after we returned to the second floor.
  The sound of the rain was deafening.
  We gathered around the telephone.
"The phone's disconnected. Or rather, the line itself has been cut. We can't call anyone, let alone the police."
"I'll go tell them in person."
"No, wait. We shouldn't go off on our own for the time being. Besides, look outside."
  The priest pointed toward the skylight.
  Raindrops struck the glass hard in a thunderous cadence.
  At this point, we were in the midst of a full-blown storm.
  We'd all come on foot, so it would be risky to go back down the mountain in this weather.
  However, Father Eiri hadn't stopped Sizuki for his own safety.
  If someone wandered off by themselves, those left behind would be in a precarious position.
  For instance, it would be easy to destroy evidence without any witnesses around.
"For now, let's all head to the drawing room.
  We should talk over what happened until we can call the police."
  Everyone agreed with the priest.
  Everyone, except Housuke. He seemed to be waiting for someone to reveal that this was all an elaborate prank.
"..."
  Feeling a slight chill, I glanced at the front door.
  ...Just faintly, I had the sense that something was off.
  Outside, the rain became a torrent.
  With my mind in a haze, I...
-Decision F-
  We began a manhunt for Mr. Yamasiro.
  Once we'd separated into groups to scour the mansion, Ritsuka, in charge of the second-floor guest rooms, called us together.
"This is Mr. Yamasiro's room. Is it locked?"
"No, it's not. When he wasn't inside, I took a peek inside,
 and, well..."
  Ritsuka trailed off.
  Was it my imagination or is she stifling a laugh?
"Just take a look for yourselves. Then we can talk."
  Following Ritsuka's direction, we stepped into the room.
  Inside...
  There was a field of flowers.
  In its center lay the body of Mr. Yamasiro.
"What's with that pose?! Is he supposed to be a pharaoh or something?!"
  Aozaki desperately tried not to laugh.
  It took a serious effort from me, too.
  Inappropriately, I couldn't help but see the image of Mr. Yamasiro lying serenely on a bed of flowers more as a Kouhaku new year's singing contestant than as a coffin viewing.
"Oh, dear. Mr. Yamasiro always seemed so normal.
  But this does raise some questions."
"This has to be a sick joke. How can a schoolteacher die in a more flamboyant way than I live?"
"Let's leave this here for now. People deserve their dignity, even in death.
  If another person passes away, I ask you all treat it with more gravity. Is that clear?"
"Forgive me. I shouldn't have been so facetious.
  You're so reliable at times like these, Sister."
"I'm simply being a responsible adult. You should also conduct yourself in a manner befitting a student supervisor, Father."
  The room felt colder after Sister Yuika's scolding.
  After we finished examining the room, Miss Kuonji locked it behind us, and we returned to the drawing room.
  A somber mood settled over the parlor.
  The gloom wasn't from any sense of grief,
  but rather a certain feeling that pervaded the group after we split into pairs-
  Suspicion between the teams.
"There was no evidence of a struggle in the guest room. Either Mr. Yamasiro invited them in, or they invited themselves in before he arrived.
  Either way, he likely knew them and was taken by surprise.
  Mr. Yamasiro probably didn't know the rules, so maybe it was easy to make him laugh..."
  Tsukiji spoke to everyone in the room.
  Usually, Father Eiri was the one leading the discussion, but now that he was silent, maybe Tsukiji felt he had to step up.
"What's gotten into you, Tobimaru? You're normally more direct than this.
  Where are you going with all this?"
"Oh, it's just that aside from Kuonji and the people from the Church, you, Kumari, and I all knew Mr. Yamasiro well.
  That blockhead wasn't the kind of guy to give you a big belly laugh at your jokes."
  He was right.
  Mr. Yamasiro smiled a lot and was easygoing, but he was neutral to a fault. He never responded strongly to people's opinions, almost to the point of utter indifference.
  For him to laugh hard, he must've been taken by surprise, like victims on prank TV shows.
"We can figure out how they made him laugh later.
  Someone's out to get us. Enough of the friendly chit-chat. Let's get to the real issue."
"Agreed. Who among us is the most likely suspect?
  We should narrow it down."
  I don't think anybody wanted to hear that, but we all knew it needed to happen.
  There was no way around it anymore.
  Someone here intentionally made both Mr. Tokitsu and Mr. Yamasiro laugh.
  In Tokitsu's case, they even used explosives... wait.
"Um, I know it's a little late to bring this up now, but the way Mr. Tokitsu died..."
"Right. Probably death by bread."
"Makes sense in a way. Tokie did once say that if it wasn't for flour, he'd have saved the world with avant-garde art."
  Tsukiji scratched his head apologetically.
  He looked frustrated with himself for thinking so much about the time of death and the identity of the killer.
  I guess he did have a more sensitive side.
"I don't believe we need to hunt for the culprit.
  If this is the work of a Ploy Kickshaw, that makes Alice Kuonji the prime suspect, followed by Aoko Aozaki, and May Riddell Archelot.
  Humans naturally laugh when their sides are prodded or the soles of their feet are tickled. There are ways to get the answers we seek... physically."
"Calm down, Yui.
  We should try to keep cool. No fighting. The culprit's probably counting on us to argue.
  Let's think of this more like a mystery novel and start by checking everyone's alibis, okay? No *physical* interrogations!"
"I agree with Ritsuka. We can use your method as a last resort, Sister. Remember, we have innocent students here in attendance as well."
"Could we wait a bit before we start checking alibis?
  Before that... um, Sweets Hearts, was it? I'd like to hear more about that.
  Kuonji, tell us all you know.
  We need to understand what it is."
"I suppose you're right. I didn't explain the essentials.
  Sweets Hearts is an egg-shaped pudding. It kind of looks like a hardboiled egg on top of an upside-down crown."
"That's novel. This is the first murder mystery I've heard of where the weapon was a pudding."
"Am I surrounded by idiots?
  That's merely how it appears before it activates. Sweets Hearts becomes a doppelganger of the person who eats it."
"To be precise, whoever eats Sweets Hearts is imprisoned inside the egg; outside, the doppelganger appears.
  So once Sweets Hearts is activated, it'll be in human form."
"So, basically you're saying a person gets swapped with an imposter, right?"
"Let me correct myself. Only Tobimaru isn't a complete idiot.
  That's right. Sweets Hearts is a Ploy that transforms into its user. A perfect replica―so perfect, it doesn't realize what it is."
"Too perfect, you could say.
  No matter how much you question or torture the suspect, without objective, absolute proof, they won't be exposed.
  Once evidence is presented to them, they finally realize that they are the Sweets Hearts in question."
"Oh my god! It's a classic logic puzzle!
  I can't take it anymore! This is so awesome!"
"It's said the best spies learn to convince themselves they're not spies, but this... is troublesome."
"That doesn't sound quite right. The culprit wants us to laugh, no? If they don't know who they are, what would be the point?"
"Sweets Hearts and its proxy human can switch on and off.
  Though normally a perfect doppelganger, its own personality can emerge when certain conditions are met.
  Of course, when it has the personality of its proxy, it has no memory of being activated."
  What kind of setup was this?
  So, we were dealing with a formless butcher. A murderer with no ill intent.
  That meant the murderer could be anyone... even me!
  Any one of us could be Sweets Hearts!
"Everyone, relax. Just keep calm.
  If we start having too much fun, or start fighting, or get tired of this and try to go home, we're as good as dead."
"If anyone needs to calm down, it's you."
"But how can I be calm in a situation like this?!
@o  If this is a dream, I don't want to wake up! At least half the group needs to ^die to really spice things up! And then, once I'm the last one left alive...
Ack!"
"Wow. Talk about a crazy Ploy.
  I guess all we can do at this point is check everyone's alibis."
"Right. We might not be able to pin Sweets Hearts, but we might be able to figure out who committed the murders."
"Let's testify one by one. We should go over everything we did today. If anything seems inconsistent, don't hold back.
  I guess I'll start, then."
  No one objected to Tsukiji's initiative.
  If he didn't want to go first, he'd look suspicious.
"Beo, Kinomi, Yurihiko, and I all came here at ten this morning.
  After saying hi to Kuonji, we each went to our rooms to rest, then met again at 11 o'clock in the drawing room and had lunch.
  Oh, yeah. Around that time, Yurihiko went missing."
"Aozaki, Mr. Yamasiro, and Kumari arrived in the afternoon.
  Then, in the evening, Riddell barged in uninvited.
  I went to the bathroom a few times, but besides that I was here in the drawing room and the sunroom.
  During that period, the only person who never left the parlor was Kuonji."
"This morning, I went shopping in town, then met Kumari straight away in the afternoon. For some reason, Mr. Yamasiro was also there.
  The three of us arrived at the mansion sometime after two.
  After saying hello to Tobimaru in the drawing room, I spent the rest of the time between there and the sunroom.
  I left a few times for the restroom, but I didn't see Tokie once."
"Huh? Do I have to go too? Whatever, but my story's the same as everyone else's.
  Y'know, it's a long weekend, so I hit Toby up and spent the night at his house yesterday. Housuke was there, too, so it was wild.
  In the morning, we all went to the park together to meet up with the old guy, before coming here in a sweet Rolls-Royce.
  At ten, I said what's up to Alice. Since then, I've just been here chilling the whole time!"
  I...
-Decision I-
  Unable to go to the drawing room, those of us left behind were stuck standing in the foyer.
  It was surprisingly dark in here.
  The guest rooms were probably better lit, and I considered going there. Might look weird going by myself, though.
  Was Aozaki's older sister, the thirteenth guest, really here?
  I couldn't go back to my room yet until that mystery was solved, at least.
"For now, let's move Sister Yuika's statue to the corner.
Huh? She's heavy. Very heavy.
Tobimaru, help me out."
"Sure thing, I'll take the back.
...Y'know. She's pretty cute.
  No wonder so many lowlifes go to the church."
  Even in this situation, Sizuki and Tsukiji were friendly.
  I couldn't believe how calm they both were.
  I felt like I was nearing a breaking point. If something jumped out at me, I'd die of shock before I died from laughter.
"Do you want some tea, Kuma? You look pale."
"Thanks, but I'm fine."
  The last thing I wanted was to have to use the toilet, and I was scared of venturing far into the mansion to find one.
"Seems like you're doing fine, then. Just keep that spirit up until morning.
  It's too bad about Eiri and Yuika, but in a way, I'm actually kind of relieved. At least we're all good friends here, so we can trust each other.
  We just need to find Touko."
"No need for that. The game's over.
  I'm impressed, Aoko."
"Ritsuka?"
  The voice came from the stairs.
  Ritsuka had returned from her search for Beo.
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"It's about time you dropped the charade.
  Checkmate, Ako. I haven't got the faintest idea why you went to such lengths, but the physical evidence doesn't lie.
  It's not an open and shut case quite yet, but you're the most likely Sweets Hearts suspect."
"Wha... What the hell're you talking about? There's no way I'm Sweets Hearts.
  I mean, um... I'm pretty sure there's no way..."
"Don't play dumb.
  While searching for Beo, I went into your room, and found irrefutable evidence!"
"What?! Y-You... How did you get into my room?! I thought I locked it!"
"One of my few special skills: lockpicking!"
"Hey! Lockpicking's illegal!
  Finding a dead body that someone desperately tried to hide is totally against the rules!"
  Aozaki was losing it.
  We all stared at her, silently.
"Uh, no, I mean...
Teehee!"
"Soujyuro, where's Aozaki's room?"
"East wing, second floor, end of the hall."
  We followed Ritsuka to Aozaki's bedroom.
  Our suspect tagged along, pouting and sulking.
"I'm going in."
  Ritsuka opened the door.
  We moved from the dark corridor to the equally dim bedroom.
  When I entered, I was greeted by the sight of a
  a woman beautiful enough to make me question my sexuality,
  clutching a microphone in one hand,
  cradling a huge bottle of liquor in the other,
  taking a satisfied, eternal slumber.
  And the walls...
  ...were plastered with bizarre posters.
"A-Alcohol poisoning?!"
"This is the irrefutable evidence, Ako! I know you and Toko don't get along, but how could you leave her like this?!
  Toko, you always said you liked prog rock, but really you just liked enka oldies...
 You even brought your own microphone..."
"Gah! My family's so embarrassing... I didn't want anyone to see this!"
  Aozaki was squirming up a storm.
  However, this didn't change the fact that she concealed a victim.
"Now that I think about it, you seemed to be working hard to make sure no one came near your room.
  It wouldn't look good if anyone found the body, right?"
"No, that's not how it is! I'm the victim here!
  After lunch, I came here and my sister was dead! Who wouldn't hide that fact?!"
"Sorry, Aozaki, but it's too late for excuses.
  Why didn't you tell everyone about this when we were discussing the thirteenth guest?"
"B-B-Because if I'd said something, I would've been grilled about why I hadn't said anything yet! It would've been the perfect opportunity for Eiri and Yuika to accuse me!
  I figured if that was the case, then I'd just find the criminal myself..."
"I don't buy it. You created the thirteenth guest narrative so you could operate behind the scenes.
  The fact of the matter is that Beo, Eiri, and Yui all went down while searching for Toko."
"That wasn't me! They self-destructed!"
"Sorry, Aozaki. Kuonji said that Sweets Hearts doesn't know it's the culprit.
  Until we expose its true form, we have to prioritize circumstantial evidence over motive."
"Right now, the one who could easily have killed all the victims is you."
"Yeah. It pains me to admit it, but that's deduction..."
  Tsukiji and Ritsuka grabbed her arms.
  Sizuki casually helped.
"Hey, what do you think you're doing?!
  Y-you're just gonna kill me because you suspect me!?"
"Calm down. We're just putting you under quarantine.
  Lock up the suspect and wait for the police. End the madness. That's how mystery stories go.
  So, um, is there a room that locks from the outside somewhere, Allie?"
"Just the cellar. It's a pretty tiny room you get to via a narrow staircase.
  Aoko can spend the night there."
"What is this, the South Pole?!
  Don't tell me this guest house is an Antarctic research station, Alice!"
"Even if you're not Sweets Hearts, Aozaki, it's safest if we lock you up. It provides us some final insurance. Think of it as taking one for the team."
"Ugh... Fine. I suppose you're right.
  I guess I opened myself up to pesky democracy..."
  Yeah. We should've locked her up from the start.
  If Aozaki really was Sweets Hearts, no one else would die from any sudden bouts of comedy.
  And if she wasn't, then he'd survive until the game was over.
  Who wouldn't protest though, if they were labelled prime suspect?
  It felt awful to be the one handing down a verdict.
  One of us had to unlucky enough to take the fall.
"Just let me say this.
  Your opponent's smart. The thirteenth person may not have a form. Don't let your guard down."
  Those were Aozaki's last words.
  After shutting her in the cellar and locking it from the outside with a padlock, we finally breathed a sigh of relief.
  I...
-Decision R-
  I'm sorry, Ritsuka, but it looks like the rain's only going to get worse.
  I'm sorry, Ritsuka, but it looks like the rain might turn to hail.
  Maybe I should just go home.
"The weather forecast said it'd be sunny...
  Hmm. If this gets any worse, it might be hard to get home. Most taxis are only willing to drive halfway up the mountain."
  Ritsuka was right.
  If you really wanted to go home, you'd have to be ready to be soaked to the bone.
  Thinking about it, I couldn't believe Aozaki stuck out the commute to and from school for over two years. I was impressed.
"Huh? What's up, Kojika?
  Isn't everyone in the drawing room?"
"I just forgot something in my room.
  You guys can go on ahead."
  I retrieved my overnight bag from the guest room and returned to the foyer.
  I could hear Ritsuka and the others laughing in the drawing room.
  Reluctantly, I left the Kuonji Estate.
  I'm not exactly sure why I wanted to go home.
  Maybe I felt overwhelmed by the mansion.
  Maybe it just wasn't my scene.
  Or maybe... it was because Tsukiji was there. It was probably a combination of all three.
  The sun was nearly below the horizon.
  If I could just get home before dark, I could end the day without incident.
  I wasn't ready to face Tsukiji, with entrance exams around the corner.
  Walking down Shiroinuzuka, I told myself this was for the best.
  But then...
  ...I suddenly recalled another urban legend.
          "Descend the mountain alone in the witching hour
            and a cannibal will be waiting for you at the bottom."
  Long before the Kuonji Estate was built, this mountain was home to a monster who attacked and killed anyone foolish enough to stray too far from their group.
  The words "attacked and killed" make it sound more humane than "ate."
  It was probably someone who was cast out of their village.
  Wow, these are some dark thoughts I'm h―
"Huh?"
  I must have taken a wrong turn.
  I was back behind the Kuonji Estate.
"That's weird... I'm sure I was heading down the hill."
  I thought out loud to try and ease my tension. 
  Wait, what was that?
  A shadow in the shade of the trees. It looked human.
"Is someone there?"
  My voice rang out.
No response.
It was getting dark out.
There wasn't even a breeze.
  Now I remembered why I wanted to go home.
  Yeah.
  I had a feeling that something bad would happening if I stayed―
"Ah..."
  Something... impossible unfolded before my eyes.
  I felt a sudden shock in my stomach.
  Reflexively, I brought my hand to my mouth. Too late.
  I fell to the ground.
  Warm blood flowed out of me, along with my strength.
  My hands helplessly reached to the sky for help.
  It took the last of my strength, but I managed to catch sight of the shadow.
"NOw, tHat WoN't dO. DoN'T fiNiSh ThIs BEfoRE WE'Ve EVen STARteD."
  Something axe-shaped came swinging down.
  The last words I ever heard came from someone with the face of a monster.
"Brrr. It feels colder here than it does outside."
"Yeah. Let's move to the drawing room."
"I agree, but...
...Ah well, Soujyuro's business is Soujyuro's business. I was going to wait for him, but there's probably no need."
"Sizuki was outside?"
"Yeah, cutting the grass near the road. He was going at it hard, like he's expecting royalty."
"..."
  I could never figure out what made that guy tick.
  It was too tiring to even try.
  We moved to the drawing room in search of warmth.
  The rain showed no sign of stopping.
  In fact, it seemed to be getting stronger. The sun hadn't set yet, but it was already as dark as night outside.
  The party had yet to begin.
  Looking over the drawing room and the sunroom,
  I saw everyone engaged in conversation.
  The card game Housuke brought had caused a stir in the drawing room.
  It was getting competitive, mainly.
  Apparently they were playing a fantasy-themed construction game from Germany, called Puppet Pass.
  It was basically the kind of game where players try to sabotage their opponents, so everyone was putting on forced smiles while they schemed against each other.
  In contrast, the older people in the sunroom were drinking wine and watching the students intently.
"I'm surprised you're allowing people to roam around before the birthday party, Alice. Had a change of heart?"
"...Not particularly. I made walls where I didn't want people to go. It's only for today, so no one should get lost."
"You made walls? From what?
And what do you mean about people getting lost? I know the mansion's big, but it's not that big."
"Thank you for preparing guest rooms for us, by the way. I plan to leave this evening, but I appreciate the gesture!
  Since we're here, Yui, why don't you go change?
  I'll lend you my qipao. Even a nun shouldn't attend a party in her habit."
"I'm fine, thank you. Taking off my Mystic Code in a witch's house would be tantamount to suicide. Unlike you, I'm not here for fun."
"We *are* here for fun, actually. Even I came unarmed, but Sister Yuika insisted...
  Why do you always have to be so on edge, like you're ready to fight at a moment's notice?"
"Someone has to be serious out of the three of us."
  The clock struck six.
  Outside, it was completely dark.
  With Mr. Yamasiro and the church staff here, it would probably be safe to go home tonight, but the rain gave me pause.
"...I think it's about time we got ready.
  Has anyone seen Tokie?"
  Miss Kuonji declared the end to the card games with an unexpected question.
"Tokie? Who's Tokie?"
"You mean Mr. Tokitsu? He's... huh?
  Wait, Kojika, you haven't spoken to the old man yet?"
"What old man? Are there even more people coming? How many guests are going to be at this party, anyway?"
"Me, Aoko, Sizuki, Tsukiji, Kinomi, you, Tokie, and a few others. Thirteen in all.
  We haven't been able to get everyone in the same room yet, though."
"Thirteen..."
  One, two, three...
  I counted the people in the room.
-Decision E-
  Just then...
"...?"
  I heard a strange sound outside, like something cutting through the wind.
  It grew into a lour roar that seemed to pound the very walls of the building.
  While we were all distracted by that...
"You've got some nerve to exclude me, you little nursery rhyme girl!
  You call these dimwits to your birthday party, but not everybody's favorite English beauty, May Riddell Archelot?!"
  The girl who arrived was several times louder than the storm.
  Maybe she *was* the storm.
"Riddell?! I thought you had other plans! How the hell did you even get here?!"
"By helicopter, *obviously*.
  Remember this well, Tobimaru: Unlike you 'extras,' *nothing* is impossible for me. With a snap of my fingers, I can send missiles flying from the other side of the Earth."
"Well, don't do that."
  Without so much as a glance in our direction, the girl walked right up to Miss Kuonji. She was dressed in pink from head to toe.
  It was more accurate to call it a strut than a walk. Her boots made an aggressive clacking sound as they struck the ground.
"The Association's crème de la crème, adored by countless admirers, the first witch star in history to pass a hundred million fans has taken time out of her busy schedule to come here for you.
  How does that feel? You must feel so *terrible*. But such a wonderful surprise beyond your wildest dreams, no doubt. Go ahead, weep with joy."
  Wow...
  I never thought I'd see the day Miss Kuonji's stoicism replaced with pure irritation.
  The girl in pink nodded smugly down at Miss Kuonji, before finally noticing the rest of us.
"Atrocious. Who are these nobodies? I thought this was a birthday party! You have terrible taste in company. Are you really so sick in the head as to call your parents' enemies here?
  Hey you! Priest boy! Why don't you kiss our feet, strip, eat chicken, and then hang yourself?"
"Hahaha. You are the absolute last person I want to hear that from.
  Perhaps you're the one who should be apologizing to Alice. When you steal something, it's only right to return it to the proper owner."
"I'll have you know I paid her back in full, thank you!
  Alice accepted the money, so it's mine now, fair and square!
 Mind your own business!"
"Oh my. Alice sold one of her precious Ploys?"
"...Haah. I told her over and over that it wasn't up for sale, but she's a materialistic dog, so she never returned it."
"Oh, sweet Alice, still playing coy.
  That was just a savvy sales tactic! Everyone knows 'not for sale' is just code for increasing the price!"
"Hey, Your Highness. That girl's something else. I could swear I've seen her somewhere before. Is she a friend of Alice's?"
"You're just imagining things. Forget about it. She's nothing but trouble. All harm, no good."
"Y-Yeah, you're right. I probably couldn't handle her..."
  Despite whatever Tsukiji was saying, I knew the truth.
  Her name was Riddell.
  She stayed at Tsukiji's house for a time.
  Apparently, their fathers were business acquaintances.
  Well, I say she stayed with him, but the Tsukiji estate was so large, they were basically in different houses... Or at least, I hope that was the case.
"I suppose I should ask―
  Riddell. What are you doing here?"
"What do you mean, Alice? It's your birthday!
  When I called Tobimaru's house, they told me 'the young master is attending a birthday party at Miss Kuonji's house.'
  I couldn't let that slide, so I cancelled my concert at the last minute and flew here."
"...Do you even remember when my birthday is?"
"Of course I do! I could forget mine, but I could never forget your―
  Wait a second. It's still autumn here, isn't it?"
"Glad to see you haven't lost your mind completely.
  I hit your head a little too hard last time, remember?
  You had me ever so slightly worried that I might've caused you brain damage."
"Tobimaru, you liar! It's not Alice's birthday at all!"
"Wait, the invitation definitely mentioned a birthday party at the Kuonji Estate."
"Mine, too. Man, that invitation cost me a fortune. 2000 yen from the prez, can you believe it?
Wait... I wasn't the only one who had to pay, was I?"
"Hahahaha. Some things are better left unsaid. Though, I do recall something about a birthday party at the Kuonji Estate."
"But it's not Allie's birthday, right?"
"...Looks like there's been a misunderstanding.
  Yes, we are here for a birthday party, but not mine. It's Tokie's.
He wanted me to celebrate his birthday, so I simply made this mansion the venue."
  I reread the invitation.
"You are cordially invited to a birthday party at the Kuonji Estate."
  Now I see.
  It didn't say anything about whose party it was.
"Hey, everyone! What are we all getting so worked up about?
  ...Wait, Riddell Riddle?! What're you doing here?! What about your concert at Tokyo Bay?!
  I even set the VCR to record it!"
"It's been sabotaged. The curry I had for lunch today was too spicy."
"What the hell kind of a reason is that?! Apologize to the god of music, right now! What about your fans?!"
"Ugh, it's always yap, yap, yap with you.
  I don't care about music or any of that crap. Fans support me financially. That's it. I always end up feeling all emo after concerts, anyway. That's when the razor blades come out.
  Even when I'm in the spotlight, no one really sees the real me."
  Whoa. That took a dark turn.
  Chirping sweetly, a blue robin landed on the girl's shoulder.
"Hahaha! Nothing ever rifle ranges with ye, May! Yer emotions are all over the place! You come into the room like ye own the place and then complain about no one seeing the real you! Come on! You're definitely more a mangle and wringer than a mage!"
"I know. Sorry. I'm just tired of never seeing my efforts pay off. I go around thinking I'm the best of the best, when really I'm the lowest of the low. Just a dumb clown.
I know already, so leave it alone, Robin. Or I'll chop you up and feed you to a dog later."
  Our newest guest... was talking to a bird.
  She really was one of those crazy pop stars you hear about in the tabloids.
"So it's Mr. Tokitsu's birthday party.
  We wondered why we'd been invited, but now I understand.
  Sister Yuika even suggested we come fully armed, because she thought it was a trap."
"...Ahem.
  So, Miss Kuonji, where is the guest of honor?
  We haven't seen him yet."
"Now that you mention it...
Aoko, have you seen Tokie?"
"He's not here? But he was in charge of the dinner arrangements! He told us we could take it easy, because he'd be arranging some top chefs."
"That's a bit weird, isn't it? If that was the plan, the chefs would need to arrive by four at the latest in order to make it in time for dinner.
  Hasn't anybody seen Yurihiko?"
"He was here until noon, but I haven't seen him since."
"I haven't seen him at all.
  I stepped out a few times, but he wasn't outside, either."
"It's been nearly five hours since noon. Has nobody seen him during that time?"
  The room was silent.
  Everyone seemed to be waiting for someone else to say something. Even Housuke and the pink girl didn't have any banter to offer.
"Hmm? Why'd the place go all Simon Said? Are we about to do some karaoke? Don't you know I'm so good I'd knock your rhythm n' blues right off? I'm a rock robin, you see? Just stick a microphone under my beak and..."
  The only one making any noise was the robin on the table. It was bobbing its head in a strange way.
"Ah, everyone's here. Is dinner ready?"
  The voice cut through the tension.
  A young man, looking calm and composed, had arrived.
  He must have picked up on the mood in the room... right?
  With his staple, unreadable grin, Sizuki looked around the room at everyone gathered.
"By the way...
  ...Mr. Tokitsu's dead in the attic. What should we do?"
"Wh..."
"WHAT?!?!"
  I feel like something terrible is about to happen.
  I feel like something crazy is about to go down.
  I know this isn't the time or place, but I'm glad that Tsukiji and I were paired together.
"Things sure have gotten out of hand."
  I silently agreed with Aozaki's muttering.
"The weather's getting worse, too.
  I wouldn't be surprised if there's a mudslide tonight. It would be like getting stranded on an island."
"Seriously?! Sweet, sleepover! Oh, man. If Alice gets scared, can I be the one who comforts her?!"
"By all means, go ahead.
  Another dead person's not going to change anything."
  Aozaki, Tsukiji, Housuke, and I had grouped up.
  For now, the four of us were Team School.
"Father Eiri, about the body..."
"I know. This is clearly a homicide.
  But given our location, we can't exactly call the police right away."
"Hehe... hehehehe... Six years... Six years it's been since Ako made fun of my 'sketchy' hobbies...
And now, we're here... a real murder scene! It's like a dream come true!"
  Team Church was made of those three.
  I'd expected them to be the most cohesive group, but that didn't seem to be the case.
"Hey, Soujyuro, where are the tea and scones?
  I'm a star, you know? I come all this way and not only do I get a slipshod welcome, but now there's been a murder! Have you people no sense of courtesy?!"
"Well, hold on.
  Demanding tea and scones after someone's died is worse than bad manners."
"And what is *that* supposed to mean? Is the dog barking orders at his master? Don't pretend you're the one with common sense here."
  The girl in pink grabbed Sizuki by the collar shook him viciously.
"Whoa... I see two... Aozakis..."
  Sizuki's eyes began to glaze over, probably because her fingers were digging into his carotid artery.
"Heh-heh. Hey, pinkie. You don't look very tasty for a human, but hands off Soujyuro before I bite your head off."
"Oh, really? Why don't you try it?
 I know your weakness. Want me to beat you again and shrink you down to the size of a mouse?"
"Oh, so you think you know me, do you? Just shows how blind you really are.
  Don't forget, your ancestors were a bunch of soot witches born in the Industrial Revolution. I don't know how you've done it, but you're even dumber."
"All right, time to die. I'm happy to add another two mangy mutts to the body count right now.
There's already one dead guy. What's another six or so corpses on top of that?"
  Meanwhile, the disagreeable Team Mansion was centered around Miss Kuonji, who was sitting on the sofa.
  The pink girl, Beo, and Sizuki were bickering bitterly about something or other.
"..."
  Miss Kuonji, the mistress of the house, remained silent, her expression pensive.
  That blue robin had gone off somewhere again.
"Okay, everyone! Enough of that.
  We're in a wonderful―
Ahem.
We're in a tight situation. This is no time to fight among ourselves!
  Mr. Yurihiko Tokitsu has died; the mansion's telephone line is out.
  These two things can't be a coincidence.
  As such, it's logical to conclude that we are dealing with―"
"Murder... So you're saying whoever killed Mr. Tokitsu made sure that we couldn't contact the police?"
"Yes! Precisely, Kojika!
  This is a perfect murder case! And the murderer is someone here!
Or I hope so, anyway!"
"What?! That's what's going down?!"
"Yes, Kinomi! That is exactly what's going down!
  Drop your guard, and from behind... BAM! DEAD!
  Right, who wants to give their theory first?!"
  I've never seen Ritsuka so excited.
  Maybe this is how she reacts to fear.
"Ritsuka."
"Ack!"
"Allow me to apologize for Ritsuka's unsettling remarks.
  However, despite her enthusiasm, she has a point.
  While we can't be certain Mr. Tokitsu's killer is one of us, we do need to make sense of the situation."
  That sounded reasonable enough.
  Father Eiri kicked off the proceedings.
"Let's start with the scene in the attic.
  As the attic isn't locked, anyone could have entered at any time.
  Did anyone here see Mr. Tokitsu heading for the attic or did he say anything about going there?"
  No takers.
  Either Mr. Tokitsu entered the attic by himself without telling anyone, or he was taken there by the killer.
"Who saw Mr. Tokitsu last?
  The three of us entered the mansion this evening, but we didn't see him."
"We've been here since this morning; he was with us then.
  We fought for a seat next to Alice.
  Then... Oh, yeah. I think he looked at the clock, said something about it being 'time,' then left the drawing room."
  Despite appearances, Housuke had a pretty good memory...
  ...when it came to anything besides studying, that is.
  In the end, Housuke's statement was the last eyewitness account we had of Mr. Tokitsu.
"That means Mr. Tokitsu disappeared sometime after noon. This is troubling. None of us have a watertight alibi."
  Right. The time between his disappearance and discovery had been too long.
  Even though I arrived in the afternoon, I'd been to the bathroom a few times. The same went for Aozaki and Mr. Yamasiro.
  Everyone had been alone for at least five to ten minutes at some point.
  The only exception, who had stayed here with someone the entire time, was Miss Kuonji.
"Alice, you only got up once to greet Eiri and the others. That's a pretty strong alibi."
"I thought examining everyone's statements would've yielded some insight into his absence...but it appears not. We're all suspects.
  I suggest we should discuss the motive and the murder weapon."
"If we look at motives, then we're all innocent.
  It has to be someone from outside who set this up. Old Yurihiko owned a massive enterprise. I can imagine a family member taking him out over rights or inheritance.
  I don't think this line of questioning is going to get us anywhere."
"Ugh... I... I wanted to say that... But Yui's body blow... it hurts..."
"I see. So you're saying we should consider the weapon, or the modus operandi."
"I'd think so. If we find out what weapon was used, we can figure out who carried it.
  Luckily, it's clear what the weapon was. Isn't it, Father?"
"To a certain extent, yes. I still don't know why we didn't hear it from here, however.
  Does everyone know what it was?"
  It was a rather mean-spirited question. Father Eiri observed everyone's faces as he waited for a response.
  So, how was Yurihiko Tokitsu killed?
  I...
-Decision G-
  I woke up to find myself on a wooden floor.
"Huh...? What am I doing here...?"
  I slowly picked myself up.
  This was the hall of the Kuonji Estate.
  The grandfather clock told me it was almost seven in the morning.
  At the edge of the foyer was a woman dressed like a nun, collapsed on the floor like me. Oh, she was just asleep.
  The mansion was quiet, but I could hear several noises if I strained my ears.
  There was the clinking of kitchenware.
  Footsteps down the corridors. Old doors creaking.
  And...
"...? Hey, what's going on here? What're we doing sleeping at Kuonji's place? Hey, wake up, Kinomi! Get your head on straight!"
  A familiar voice echoed from the second floor.
"..."
  Somehow, the tightness in my chest lightened, and I stood up.
  To be honest, I was relieved.
  I glanced down, and saw something like an eggshell and a note.
  There were just a few words on the note, scribbled in pink crayon.
            "Why not just live for love?"
"Huh?"
  Stupid sweets-brain. Even after you're dead, you're still a pain in the ass.
  Besides, I was too passive to do that. It's how I fell for your trap to begin with.
(Well, duh!)
  Sweets Hearts's tone was lively, yet strangely encouraging.
  Cracks began forming in the eggshell,
  and then it crumbled,
  taking everything, even my memories, with it.
"Huh. I feel like I was right in the middle of something."
  I picked up the note in front of me and frowned at it.
  Irritated by the presumptuous, obnoxious scribbling, I crumpled it up... and after a moment's hesitation, stowed it in my pocket.
"Oh, Kumari. You're here too?
  What's going on? Did they move up the party?"
  There was a commotion coming from the stairs,
  plus the face of a guy I hadn't heard was coming.
  I quickly turned away and checked myself in a nearby mirror. Good. Nothing too out of place.
"That's what I'd like to know.
  Is Miss Kuonji's birthday party really today? The date on the invitation could've been wrong...
Wait, huh?"
  Where was this déjà vu coming from?
  Must have been my imagination.
  It was awfully rare to have a birthday party out at the Kuonji Estate.
  Our high school days were numbered.
  The season would be over before we knew it. I had to make sure I finished it with no regrets.
"Whoa, Kojika?! You were invited, too?!
  Do you know Alice?!"
"Anyone who's friends with Aozaki knows her.
 Anyway, simmer down, Housuke. You ever thought about growing up?"
"Hey, it's good to see childhood friends getting along.
  You should coach him, Kumari. You'd be helping him and everyone around him, too."
"No way. No amount of money would be worth that much effort. I may as well bang my head against a wall.
 No matter how many times you smack him, he won't change."
"Haha! I guess you're right! In that case, let's leave him and go say hi to Kuonji. She's probably in the drawing room with Aozaki."
"Hey! Wait, before you go! There's a nun on the floor over there, Your Highness!
  Maybe I can help her get to her feet and be her hero!"
"Go ahead. All she'll do is knock you out, at worst."
  Tsukiji sounded like he was enjoying himself. His voice carried through the hall.
  Dust particles flitted in the air, appearing and disappearing in the rays coming through the skylight.
    (Mm, I guess this could've ended worse!)
  An oddly cheerful voice summed up her honest thoughts.
  The mad rhapsody drew to a close.
  She smiled in her own way. Each to their own.
  Everyone had a choice. To lament the little time one had left,
  or to gamble on it?
  Perhaps we find things beautiful because they don't last.
  Someday, this would all end...but not just yet.
  This jolly tale was simply another book to add to the shelf.
  Youth is both fleeting and never-ending.
  The stories of young boys and girls are full of hardships yet unseen.
  Which means, my friends,
  we shall no doubt meet again.
  Broadly speaking, I think the weapon used was bread.
  I think it was a small explosive, practically speaking.
  As crazy as it sounds, maybe he was eaten by a dog or something.
  ...But why?
"Huh? What do you mean? Isn't it obvious?
  They probably stuck dynamite to his hands, feet, and face."
"That would be the logical conclusion.
  I mean, those parts of his body were totally gone."
"..."
  Aozaki was a thorough realist, but she could arrive at some pretty wild conclusions sometimes.
"While that's possible, I don't think that's what happened.
  We don't know how Mr. Tokitsu ended up in the attic, but we do know what happened there. It was a dust explosion."
"By that, you mean an explosion caused by something like fireworks igniting something combustible in the air?"
"You're on the right track. In a closed space like that, an explosion can occur when there's a certain amount of combustible dust, like flour.
  You can even make thermite out of aluminum foil and the rust from old pots and pans. But based on the situation, a powder seems more likely."
"But if that was the case, why was only his torso intact?
  Are dust explosions even that powerful?"
"That's what we need to find out. It's possible his jacket was blast-resistant.
  And we don't know if it was the explosion that killed him. The culprit could've set off the blast after they murdered him. Given that the explosion itself was small, his limbs and face could've already been burned."
"True. That would also explain why we didn't hear the explosion from the drawing room.
  We can't overlook the possibility that the dust explosion traces are some sort of misdirection."
"Misdirection? What would they be hiding?"
"The unnatural aspects of this entire killing, of course.
  For instance, what if the corpse wasn't actually Mr. Tokitsu's, but someone else's?
  In that case, the culprit would need to obscure his face. However, burning the face alone would be too obvious."
"Perhaps to make it seem 'normal' his face had been burned, they purposefully disguised their overall approach with an explosion.
  A bigger deception to mask smaller lies."
"Come ooon... I wanted to say that... I really wanted to say that..."
  Everyone seemed impressed by Tsukiji and the priest. Heck, I sure was.
  Even if I'd pinned down the possibility there was a dust explosion in the room, I wouldn't have figured out why.
"A dust explosion, I see."
  Housuke nodded solemnly.
"Um, what does that mean?"
"For now, it means we can pinpoint the location of the weapon.
  Soujyuro, is there flour in the kitchen?"
"I'm checking now... Nope, nothing.
  I bought extra, but the bags are gone."
"Okay... So what does that mean?"
"Someone took the flour from the kitchen.
  Which goes to show..."
  That the culprit knew their way around the kitchen... right?
  Or was this another possible misdirection?
  Just then...
  ...the blue robin, which had been gone all this time, came flapping back into the drawing room.
  It perched on Miss Kuonji's shoulder and let out a shrill chirp.
"Oh dear."
  Miss Kuonji stood up from the sofa and looked at all of us.
"Sorry to interrupt the serious discussion, but I have bad news.
  Before that, Sizuki, do you have a moment?"
  She gestured Sizuki over to her, and spoke to him in a hushed voice.
"Hey, what're you getting all buddy-buddy over there for?
  If you have something to say, say it to all of us. Ugh, some people..."
"Sorry, Riddell. But it seems Sizuki has something to say to you.
  I'm sure it's quite wonderful, so do listen."
"Yeah. This might help.
  Alice assured me you'd be interested. You've helped me time and time again, so it would mean a lot if you would hear me out."
"F-Fine. I'm listening. Spit it out already."
"Je t'aime. Je t'aime, mon amour."
"What...?"
"Why the hell would you of all people say that?!
  Soujyuro, Alice is messing with you. Do you even know what you just sai―
 Whuh?!"
"She vomited blood and collapsed!"
  I rushed over to the girl in pink.
  No pulse. She wasn't breathing, either.
  Pupils unresponsive. No sign of life at all.
"She's totally dead."
  The atmosphere in the drawing room turned frenzied.
  Some looked shocked,
  while others looked cautious.
  And a few of us were utterly dumbfounded.
"Things are getting worse."
"What's going on, Alice? Why'd Riddell die?"
"It's simple, actually.
  I had my suspicions when we found Tokie in the attic, so I had Robin go and check the vault.
  One Ploy Kickshaw's missing."
"Missing? So you're saying Mr. Tokitsu and Riddell were killed by a Ploy?"
"It'd be more accurate to say they were caught by the Ploy's rules.
  No point in hiding anything now, so I'll explain.
  Until tomorrow morning, laughter is strictly forbidden."
"Why?"
"The mansion has become a world where those who laugh... die."
"No way! That's crazy scary!
  You got me, Alice! Great joke! Hahahaha!"
"H-Housuke?!"
"It seems 'crazy' is right..."
"Thanks to Kinomi, the Ploy's rules are clear now.
  Laughing of your own accord doesn't count; neither does insincere laughter.
  However, laugh from the gut about another person's words, actions, or tricks, and you're out."
"Uh... what?"
  I had no idea what was going on.
  Laugh and you die? Really?
  I knew Miss Kuonji wasn't exactly normal, but I didn't know she was insane... Then again, two people died in front of me after bursting out laughing, so was it true after all?
"So you're saying that a Ploy Kickshaw is active.
  But, if that's so, why hasn't Sister Yuika noticed?"
"This Ploy has perfect camouflage.
 That and Yuika―"
"Right. I couldn't even attempt to measure the amount of magical energy within the Kuonji Estate. We're inside an enormous Mystic as it is. Measuring the flow of energy became impossible the moment we stepped foot on this mountain."
"You're right. Do pardon me. I seem to be a bit disoriented."
  Being calm in this situation would be weirder.
  Father Eiri seemed cold at first glance, but maybe he's actually a more feeling person than I realized.
  But what on Earth was a Ploy?
  The conversation was starting to leave me in the dust.
"I have a question. I get that if someone makes you laugh, you die.
  But why are people dying in different ways?
  Gramps, Riddell, Kinomi―all different. You said something about rules, but is it random?"
"Their deaths relate to their nature."
"Their nature...? Like their issues, personality, and all that?"
"Right. Even their hidden idiosyncrasies."
"Oh, I get it now. I thought something was strange, but their deaths are also part of the design."
"Wow. So Kinomi must have really wanted to be rich to die in a shower of money..."
"Ironically, money couldn't've saved him this time."
"Riddell died a pretty normal death.
  Knowing her, I expected her to transform into an airplane or a yacht or something."
"Yeah, yeah! Riddell's all bark no bite! Vomiting claret and dying right then and there is balls! Even worse than Kinomi's death... All icing, no Sexton Blake!"
"
W... 
Watch...
your...
beak...!"
"She's alive!"
"Don't... 
under―
ungh... 
underestimate me...
Stopping my heart...
unf...
isn't... 
going to...
STOP... 
ME!"
"Whoa...! I didn't know humans could survive heart attacks just by being stubborn!
 Looks like you need better jokes to kill her."
"Incredible. You'll have to teach me that trick sometime!"
"I knew you'd come back from the dead, Riddell. Like a zombie."
"Hey! How about an apology?!
  Why not test your theory on that stupid werewolf over there?!
  He resurrects no matter what! Why go for me?!"
"What do you mean 'why?' We're rivals, aren't we?
  Of course we'd try to kill each other."
"Uh... um... yeah... Yeah, of course!
  N-Not bad. You really took me by surprise. I underestimated you!"
"Figures she'd be the type to survive even if someone kills her. Damn."
  Though clearly shocked by the girl in pink's horror show, Tsukiji was taking this way too well.
"Um, Tsukiji? Don't you think this is weird? Someone just died, you know!
  And Housuke turned into confetti! Dying from laughter... I mean, what is all this? Am I dreaming?!"
"Calm down. I don't want to believe this is happening, but it is.
  Like Kuonji said, this mansion's another world now, with new rules. Riddell got caught out, but she resisted.
  I know it all sounds crazy, but Kuonji and Riddell can do some crazy things."
"I don't know exactly what they can do, but that's probably for the best. I just know from watching them, they're the real deal. Trust me on this."
"Trust you?! Housuke is dead!"
"Miss Kumari. You shouldn't mourn Kinomi just yet.
  He and Tokie simply triggered the Ploy and now they're 'out.' In reality, they're just missing.
  If someone wins the game, then it will be rendered null, and everything will return to normal."
"They're not dead? Someone just needs to win the game?"
  I understood what Miss Kuonji is saying. But, for better or worse, I was a realist like Aozaki.
  This sci-fi and fantasy nonsense was too hard for me to swallow.
"Relax, Kuma. I know where you're coming from, but listen to what we're saying.
  Alice, you should explain in more detail.
  I get that this is the Ploy's doing, but what are the actual current rules? What do you mean by winning the game?"
"We're dealing with a probability-shifting Ploy.
  Once the user's conditions are satisfied, it will activate and then operate for a full day. That's the 'game.'
  During the game, a new rule will be added to the real world. In this case, dying when someone makes you laugh."
"And don't even bother trying to escape. It's not possible. There are only two ways to end this.
  The first is to expose the Ploy's user.
  However, we shouldn't point the finger at just anyone.
  If the accuser is mistaken or lacks evidence, they'll be eliminated."
"The other way is for any player other than the Ploy―even just one person―to survive until the end of the game.
  That's how you 'win' the game and bring all the victims back. Their memories of the game disappear, though."
"...Well, that takes the pressure off. If we wait until dawn, we'll be fine."
  The sister seemed relieved, but I wasn't. Not by a long shot.
  Maybe it was because I was having a hard time wrapping my head around the situation, but I felt so on edge.
  I...
-Decision H-
  I thought about it, and concluded that Yurihiko Tokitsu's death was what we had to focus on now.
  I think it's easy enough to not laugh for one night.
  I felt like it was about time I pointed out that we were still missing someone.
"I'm not convinced things will go so smoothly, Yui."
"What do you mean, Ritsuka?"
"Kinomi and Miss Riddell aside, it's possible someone forced Mr. Tokitsu to laugh.
  And remember what Allie said? The user decides the rules. This Ploy didn't start by itself; someone activated it."
"You mean..."
"...The culprit is still at large.
  We still don't know who they are. But seeing as they created the rules, they're probably going to try to make us laugh however they can."
"They might not even need to go that far, actually.
  I hate to say it, but in mystery novels the guests often end up tearing each other apart out of suspicion."
"Yes! Bang on, Aoko!
  The nasty thing about this rule is that anyone can kill anyone. However, that also means we can survive without identifying the culprit.
  We only need to make sure no one else can make us laugh."
"Do unto others, before they do unto you.
  You could remove everyone else to guarantee your own safety.
  Is that what you're saying?"
"Okay, one: The mansion's now a world where you die if you laugh.
  Two: Person A made this happen.
  Three: We can't rest until we figure out who the Person A is; they've already murdered Mr. Tokitsu, and they could kill again.
  Four: We suspect anyone but ourselves and reveal the culprit, hold out until morning, or make everyone else laugh."
"Only one group can survive."
"You think you're some badass, talking like that?!
  Alice, what number Ploy is this?"
"Fifteen. It's a Ploy Kickshaw of magical reinforcement via charms, probability shifting, two minds in one body, and prayer."
"Oh, bollocks... that sounds like Sweets Hearts, all right.
  Perfect, just perfect. How spineless do Japanese people have to be to use something like that?"
"'Sweets Hearts'?
  Is that this Ploy's name, Alice?"
"Yes. It creates rules, and boosts the survivor's magical energy; it's like a test-your-luck Ploy you use before a battle. Usually Sweets Hearts wins and everyone dies, though...
  Very well, I shall be teaming up with Alice."
"Excuse me? Who said we're teaming up?"
"This is a fight for survival. The game is about trust and betrayal, so grouping up in pairs will give us the best chance of victory.
  Instead of running around trying to find the culprit, we should just try to make each other laugh. I mean, we all want to survive, don't we?"
"Thus, Alice and I make the ultimate team. Alice never laughs, and I can be the joker.
  Right, Alice?"
"Hmm.
 Mind if I join you, Sizuki?"
"Sure. Based on what I've heard, you're the safest person to be with."
"Whatever happened to kindness in this cruel world?!"
"I see. Partner with someone you trust, someone you don't believe to be the culprit, and work together.
  Sister Yuika, would you mind?"
"My pleasure. While this is frightening situation, you appear to be the most trustworthy person here."
"Hey, what about me?
  Want to partner up, Aoko?"
"Riddell. Let's pair up.
  Just for tonight, we should put everything behind us."
"Oh, come on! You can make peace with me, too!"
"Hmph. Fine.
  If push comes to shove, we can just demolish the mansion."
"Makes sense so far. How about it, Kumari? Just two regular Joes with common sense."
"...!"
  I-I didn't see that coming!
  All the weirdness and murder mysteries were bad enough, but now this?!
"Hmm. Well, if I can't be with Soujyuro, then I don't need anyone else.
 This just playtime for me anyway."
"Aww, I guess that means I'm stuck with Mr. Yamasiro, then...
  Huh?"
  We all looked at each other.
  I'd been wondering when someone would notice: Mr. Yamasiro had been missing for a while.
"Hmm. I've been in the mansion most of the time. Been too busy preparing for the party to really talk to anyone.
 Mainly because a certain duo didn't want to help.
  Aside from that, I was mostly in the drawing room.
  I did go shopping and tend to the garden, but that was earlier in the afternoon.
When I returned to my room in the evening, Mr. Tokitsu was already dead."
"As for me... Nobody else was on hand, so I locked the west wing myself before Tokie arrived.
  The west wing contains many rooms that are off-limits, including the Ploy vault.
  From there, I went to the drawing room to look after the guests; I couldn't tell you who left their seat or for how long."
"My story's the same as Aozaki's, but I guess I should tell you anyway.
  
  I met up with Aozaki and Mr. Yamasiro at one in the afternoon, and arrived at the Kuonji Estate sometime after two.
  I took a short break in my room from 3:30 to 4:00.
  I remember the priest and the sisters coming to the foyer at around four o'clock.
Oh, also... while I was napping, I thought I heard laughter, but it might've been my imagination. Don't read into it too much. Might make things confusing."
  I...
-Decision J-
"After I finished my work in the afternoon, I made my way to the mansion, like Aoko's invitation said I should do, with no fuss.
  I arrived at about 4 o'clock and had tea in the sunroom until Riddell charged in. I found out Mr. Tokitsu had been killed after that.
  I haven't seen him once during my time here.
  I recall Mr. Yamasiro disappearing just before the Mr. Tokitsu incident came to light."
"I'm the same as Father Eiri.
  I haven't left the drawing room since arriving here."
"I-I, umm...I left my seat a few times, to use the restroom and explore the mansion.
  I-I mean, how often does Allie invite people over? There are so many rare magical trinkets to appreciate! So I took a little self-guided tour, but everything was locked up tight.
  Oh, but I never went up to the second floor. That's the truth."
  I...
-Decision K-
"..."
  The mood was a little tense, but there were no obvious contradictions between the alibis. The room grew silent.
  There wasn't enough evidence to pinpoint the time of Tokitsu's death.
  Nobody heard an explosion. And apparently, thanks to this Ploy Kickshaw nonsense, even rigor mortis wasn't a reliable indicator.
  Since there was no way to deduce the exact time of death by examining the body, we could only estimate it based on the last time Tokitsu and Mr. Yamasiro were seen.
  Mr. Tokitsu likely died between 1:00PM and 6:00PM;
  Mr. Yamasiro, between 4:00PM and 8:00PM.
  However, everyone was together at 7:00PM, so it had to have been sometime between 4:00PM and 7:00PM.
  Only three people had solid alibis: Miss Kuonji, Father Eiri, and Sister Yuika.
  Tsukiji and I have alibis when it comes to Mr. Yamasiro, because we were both in the drawing room at the time.
  Aozaki, Sizuki, and Beo... were unknowns.
"I think the most likely suspects are Aoko, Alice, and Ritsuka; they knew about the Ploy. The rest of us had never heard of this Sweets Hearts."
"Right. We should start by considering those who've known about it for a while.
  There's a huge difference between them and the rest of us who learned about it today."
  He was right. We needed to know when the Ploy was activated.
  If it was me or Mr. Yamasiro, once we arrived at the mansion, we'd have needed to find Sweets Hearts and activate it without knowing what it was.
  Not impossible, but not realistic.
  That would classify this game as type of murder mystery involving sudden crimes―
  the kind of scenario where unexpected tragedies occurred one after another.
  On the other hand, if someone knew about the Ploy and had access to it anytime they wanted, that would make this a premeditated crime.
  There was no need to figure out when the Ploy was found.
  Person A would have already switched places with the Ploy and executed their plan at their leisure once everyone was gathered.
  Currently, that was the most likely scenario.
"If we assume the perpetrator knew about the Ploy from the start, that makes Aozaki a suspect.
  She had enough time to kill them both.
  It would've been tough for Ritsuka to kill Yurihiko.
  Kuonji... was the only person in the drawing room the entire time, so she couldn't have done it."
"Can't deny that. I had more than enough chances to do it."
"I knew it."
"What's *that* supposed to mean?
  I'm just saying it's possible. It's also possible somebody came to the mansion, found the Ploy, gobbled it up, and then turned into Sweets Hearts, right?
  Don't be stupid. We're all suspicious to some degree here."
"...Father Eiri and I have been cleared of guilt, though."
"But how much do we really know about how you arrived at the mansion?
  Alice met you in the foyer because she heard your voices, didn't she? You can't prove where you were before that."
"She's right. And it's also possible I'm conspiring with Father Eiri and Yui."
"Ritsuka, whose side are you on?"
"I'm on logic's side! I swear on my pride as a detective (fan) to remain totally impartial!
  Anyway, if we're focusing on who already knew about the Ploy, I can think of one other person that doesn't quite add up. Who wants to point her out?"
  Aozaki and the sister glared at each other so intensely I thought I saw sparks flying.
  They probably didn't get along even at the best of times.
  Given the situation, it's no wonder they were at each other's throats.
"Aoko. I wouldn't provoke Yuika if I were you. Given the current rules, she's our best trump card."
"Wha? Don't you mean our greatest foe?"
"No. She's in the safest position.
  Isn't that right, Yuika?"
"Yes. I literally do not know how to laugh.
  Jokes don't work on me. I have no doubt that you'll be the first to self-destruct, Aoko."
  Kuonji appeared to have only meant it as a warning, but I could tell that the room was getting more tense.
  Just then, the blue robin appeared in front of Miss Kuonji.
  It landed on the black table and started chirping.
"I knows the perp. Wanna hear it?"
  It tweeted.
"Bwark?!"
  Miss Kuonji mercilessly squashed it with a karate chop.
"...Anyway...
  One funny line could be the end of you."
"True. Anyone not named Yuika might want to find a good place to hide before it's too late."
  That made sense to me.
  I...
-Decision L-
  I felt that it was best...
  ...for everyone to stay in different guest rooms until morning.
"That's all there is to say.
  There's no point in ratcheting up suspicions even further. We can resolve this, whether we know the culprit or not."
  Just like that, Sister Yuika took the reins.
  Nobody objected to her display of authority. Well, almost nobody. Ritsuka was sulking.
"Everyone, please spend the night in different guest rooms.
  Make sure to lock your doors and don't let anyone in until morning.
  Father Eiri, Ritsuka, and I will stand guard here, so if anything unusual happens, we'll come running."
"...Good enough for me.
  The suspect could be from the Church, but at least there's no chance Yuika's a Ploy."
"Why is that?"
"She hates witches. No way she'd ever fall for a Ploy Kickshaw's sweet talk.
  Okay, we're done here. Everyone grab what you need, return to your rooms, and lock yourselves in until morning.
  You'll just have to postpone your toilet breaks until tomorrow."
"..."
  The plan to hole up in our rooms was accepted before I could say anything.
  It did seem like the safest and simplest plan.
"...I can't use my room, though.
  Tobimaru, can I stay in yours?"
"Yeah. Kinomi's gone, so that's fine."
  Tsukiji took some cookies and a pitcher of water from Sizuki, before heading begrudgingly for the foyer.
"Hold on, Tsukiji! Are you really fine with this?!"
"Hell no, but the majority's spoken. We're smothering the problem without solving it-gotta love democracy.
  Still, it's the obvious choice. If anything happens, shout for help. I'm on the second floor, so I got you covered."
"Ugh. I never should've cancelled my concert.
Alice, show me to my room. And by that, I mean *your* room, obviously; not a guest room.
  I know I can't expect a royal suite here, so I'll suffer the owner's room."
"I'll be in my bedroom. Nobody better come near it until morning."
"I'll just sleep here. Wake me if anything happens."
  ...Everyone went their separate ways.
  Doubt still nagged at me, but I went to my assigned guest room for the time being.
"..."
  I locked the door and lay on the bed.
  Just in case, I decided not to change into my pajamas.
"Laugh and you die? Doesn't make any sense..."
  Someone or something was clearly trying to kill us all.
  I turned on my side, thoughts racing.
  To me, Tsukiji and Father Eiri were *too* rational. They'd overlooked something.
  I wasn't fixated on the culprit's face or identity.
  I was more concerned with the whydunit.
  What did the culprit have to gain by killing us all?
  I felt that...
  we needed to dig more into the pink girl's alibi.
"Huh? You want me to go, too?
  I've got nothing to do with any of this. If you thought about it for even a second, you'd realize those two idiots died before I got here.
  I don't even have a reason to use Sweets Hearts. I'm a rich celebrity; I can solve most of my problems with money, not to mention petty wishes. If I wanted to call down a storm, I'd do it even if it meant sacrificing everyone around me."
"Don't be a dumbass. You're as much a suspect as anyone.
  You know about Ploys, you have a grudge against Aozaki and Kuonji, and you're way too over the top.
  On top of that, you showed up uninvited. In a freakin' helicopter!"
"What's more, you weren't wet from the rain when you came in.
  Care to explain that?
  I bet you hid somewhere in the mansion, called your helicopter in, then made it seem like you just got here!"
"Oh, come off it!
  Of course I came here in a helicopter! I used my Goblin to keep the rain off me! You seriously think I'd come here just to murder you all?!"
"You've definitely thought about it before."
"She has."
"That has nothing to do with this!
  Ugh, you're giving me a headache. I'm leaving. Just you wait, I'll be back with an Operation British of my own. Ground zero: this house."
"Can you even leave? Remember what Alice said?"
"It's highly likely that Sweets Hearts's probability shift has collapsed the roads.
  And the phone is still out."
"Ha! I can still fly.
  I'll just call my helicopter to come pick me up.
  Don't underestimate the power of my Goblin Nest!"
  The girl in pink stormed out into the hallway.
"Hello, Daddy? It's me. Can you send a helicopter to Shiroinuzuka in Misaki...? Yes, *that* Misaki.
What?! What do you mean, give up?! Have you gone SENILE, you old codger?! I decided I'd keep trying until victory is mine! And I NEVER lost in the first place! That was just a draw!
  You know the coordinates. Send me a chopper now! You've got ten minutes!"
"Huh? What do you mean you can't send one in this storm? Do I sound like I care!?
  Or are you suggesting that I fly myself out of here like a missile!?
  ...We don't have any helicopters to send? You call yourself a businessman, you dimwit? Use your brain! There's a military base nearby, remember? They're testing a prototype assault craft there. Just charter it!"
"Goodness, can't you do *anything* on your own?
  WHAT?! What do you mean, cash is tight because you're restructuring?! You'd have to buy the entire aircraft and crew? Go ahead, then! I can make you back that money in a day! I'll just do a private concert for some oil sheikh or a Chinese billionaire! That good enough for you?"
"Oh *please*, don't cry and tell me how proud you are of me. It's just for the *money*, Daddy. I couldn't care less about the music industry!
  Just get me that helicopter within TEN minutes! That new, experimental, super-cool one! NOT some budget Apache or any other rubbish like that, or I'LL NEVER SPEAK TO YOU AGAIN!"
  The pink girl's vicious berating could be heard throughout the house.
  She was speaking English so quickly and with so much slang mixed in that I couldn't quite catch it all.
  ...Listening wasn't a particular strength of mine, anyway.
"Did that moron really just order a military chopper?"
"Right, that's all settled. My guardian angel will be descending from the skies in about ten minutes.
  Sweets Hearts's rules only apply to this mountain. As soon as I get out of here, I'll put all this behind me. I'll just head home, have a fancy dinner, and relax."
"Oh, and don't worry.
  I'm not that terrible of a person. If any of you want a ride, I'd be happy to oblige. I'm sure some of you are tired of this stupid detective game."
"Hold it, buddy. Where do you think you're going?"
"Well, she said she was our guardian angel."
"I wouldn't if I were you, Soujyuro. If she's an angel, then that makes Aozaki a goddess of healing. Don't fall for her crazy metaphors."
"Huh. What about you, Kumari?
  You heard what Tobimaru said."
"I'm not going. If she wants to leave, she can go by herself."
  To be honest, if rescue was coming, I really did want to leave. But I wasn't about to owe this pink princess any favors.
"Hmph. You must all be a bunch of dreamers to stay all chummy at a time like this.
  You lot can do as you please. Just don't let tomorrow's headline be, 'all guests missing from the hilltop mansion.'"
"Ha! Snark all you want, coward.
  Nobody's coming for you in this weather. It's like hell out there. Who's really dreaming?"
"...!"
  And then...
  Before even ten minutes had gone by, there was a bizarre noise from outside that was separate from the howling storm.
"Aha! Earlier than expected!
  I knew Daddy would come through! He's got friends in high places, and he knows how to use them!"
  In the midst of the tempest, a demonic bird came bearing down on us.
  Bright spots that I'd thought were eyes turned out to be a powerful searchlight, its beam stretching out for miles.
  The steel helicopter struggled against winds in excess of 50 miles per hour, and then...
"Oh. It crashed."
"Ah... AaaaAAaAAAhhh..."
"They should've known better than to fly in this weather. Even Alice has better common sense than that."
"Right. I knew it was going to crash. None of Riddell's silly plans ever work out."
"They work perfectly every time! Just never when you're around!
  Anyway, that was just a test.
  My real plan is just beginning.
Hang on, I have to take this. Time out."
  The pink girl went back out into the hallway. Maybe she had a pager in her pocket.
"WHAT!? They're claiming you're responsible...?! Special forces are breaching the company office!?"
  Her yelling resonated through the hallway.
"Calm down. Don't do anything stupid. Talk to the commanding officer. Huh? They want you to pay for the damages? They're going to kill you if you don't buy out the entire project? You're already tied up? Ugh, what's Kai doing at a time like this?! So how much do they want? Pfft! That's at least two more zeroes than it should be! We can't pay that, not right away!
Hold on a second, um... hmm... maybe there is a way."
"I'll extend my tour this year, sell off my stock, my island in Tahiti... That should be enough. Okay, it's a deal! Sign the papers! The defense industry is new territory for us, but your life is more important, Daddy!"
"..."
  I was a little curious now.
  I...
-Decision M-
  I think I'll take a peek in the hallway.
  There, I saw...
"...I've lost everything... Everything..."
  Her face was haunted, as if she'd looked upon the end of the world.
  I quickly shut the door and pretended I didn't see anything. She deserved a warrior's dignity, at the very least.
  A moment went by.
  After about a minute...
"Forget that stupid helicopter.
  Let's think more positively."
  She returned, acting as if nothing had happened.
  We were enemies, but I had to respect her sense of pride.
"Riddell, you..."
"Tobimaru. I said, let's move on."
"...Fine. At least we know you're innocent. If it turns out you're Sweets Hearts after all this crap, I don't think I can look you in the eye ever again."
"I told you I had nothing to do with any of this from the start.
  I'm a genius, a rare Meinster, a witch for the modern age. The great Riddell would never stoop to using silly obsolete Ploys."
"But you'd use a helicopter?"
"Shut up about the helicopter! This is about ME!
  I laughed, but I'm still alive, aren't I?
  There isn't a chance in hell I'm going to laugh again. I'm going to watch you all get picked off one by one by some ancient Ploy!"
  She sounded aggressive, but I think the pink girl was more concerned than she let on.
  With one last huff through her nose, she plopped down on the sofa.
  She seemed to made up her mind to work with us for tonight.
"Sorry, but I'll be back in a second. Carry on."
  Miss Kuonji was... ah, the bathroom.
"Now we know for sure that escape is impossible.
  We need to figure out who Sweets Hearts is, or survive until morning. I personally favor the latter."
"Me, too. If we keep poking the hornet's nest, we might all end up dead.
  What about you, Kumari?"
"I'm fine with either... Tsukiji?"
"Me? I vote we figure out who the killer is.
  I'd like to give them a piece of my mind."
"I'm fine either way. I don't share Miss Riddell's opinion, but I'll be safe with either option."
"I'm with Tsukiji.
  Time for a little deductive reasoning!"
"As for me... Let me think. The weather's only getting worse, so maybe we should stay in our rooms, lock the doors, and go to sleep. Nobody can make us laugh, then."
"Aww, but that's so boring!
  Come on, Soujyuro! Let's stick this out! Don't you want to watch Aoko die?"
"Beo, that's not funny―
Hm?"
"!"
  Suddenly, the room was pitch-dark.
"Everyone stay calm. It's just a power outage. If I find out who turned the lights out, I'll knock *their* lights out."
"..."
  That was a close one. I heard several people almost fail to suppress a laugh.
"What're you thinking, Eiri?! You could've killed us all!"
  He would've killed *you*, maybe.
  But I decided to keep that to myself.
"I couldn't help it. The opportunity presented itself."
"Good timing, though. Even a silly joke can be effective if the timing is right."
"Something about not being able to see his face makes it funnier, too."
"Good grief. Even I almost laughed. Are you sure he isn't the killer?"
  Our conversation continued in the dark.
  It reminded me of telling ghost stories on a school trip; it's just fun to talk in the dark sometimes.
  For whatever reason, I could tell we were all tempted to make each other laugh.
"Found a candle. Anyone got some matches?
  Or a lighter?"
"When my Italian plumber lost weight, he got-a-lighter."
"Was that Father Eiri again?"
"Oh, man. That was so bad."
"I feel dumber for having heard it."
"Nah. I think the simple jokes actually work better given the primal circumstances we're in."
"Hey, be quiet. I think the power's coming back on."
  Did the Kuonji Estate have its own power generator?
  It wasn't clear who restored the power, but the drawing room was flooded with artificial light.
"Looks like this old mansion at least has some proper equipment. I was worried we were going to be stuck in the dark until morning."
  Riddell had moved next to me at some point. She looked up.
  I followed her gaze...
"Bwahahahaha―
Hurk!"
  The pink girl took what looked like several impacts to the chest, spun around dramatically, and collapsed.
"Riddell?! What happened?!"
  Aozaki rushed over to her side.
  I'd narrowly avoided the same fate.
  If she hadn't started laughing first, I'd have busted a gut for sure.
"Riddell! Hang in there!
  Before you die, tell us what you saw! Was it the killer?!"
"H-Heh... No, something... much more... interesting...much worse... a squishy... demon...
Blargh."
"Riddell!!!"
  Aozaki burst into tears, clutching May's lifeless body in her arms.
  They were probably more alike than they cared to admit.
  Amidst the commotion, Miss Kuonji returned, not appearing to have noticed the death.
"What's going on?"
"I don't know. She just burst out laughing for no reason and then she was gone.
  Don't think she's coming back from this one."
  Perhaps out of pity, Tsukiji covered her with a tablecloth and lay her to rest at the side of the room.
  I quietly shuffled over to Miss Kuonji and whispered in her ear.
"Miss Kuonji, what was *that*?!"
"I mixed up my change of clothes. Don't tell anyone, Kumari."
"...Okay, but you're not the killer, are you?"
"Of course not. This was just a hobby of mine, don't worry.
  For some reason, I've always felt like bullying her, and I can't explain why."
  "It's really too bad," she sighed.
  Again, I felt a little sorry for Riddell.
  That made four victims.
  Everyone seemed resigned to locking ourselves in our rooms for the night.
  I...
-Decision N-
  ...I was roused by the sound of wind.
  The lights were out.
  I didn't remember turning them off before I went to sleep.
 I got up and tried the light switch, but nothing happened.
"..."
  I wanted to check the time, but that wasn't happening in this darkness.
  I tried my best to go back to sleep and pretend everything was okay, but I was too on edge. I could barely even stay still.
"Aozaki's room is the closest, right...?"
  I moved as quietly as possible to the door, unlocked it, and peeked into the hallway.
  ...It seemed empty.
  ...The only sound came from the wind and rain.
  ...As if led by something, I ventured into the hallway and down towards Aozaki's room.
  I placed my hand on her doorknob.
  It was unlocked.
  Inside her room, I found...
  ...a dead body. The corpse of a woman I've never seen before.
"...!"
  Did I scream? Did I manage to hold it in? I couldn't tell.
  The rain tonight was too intense.
  Creak. Creak.
  Oh, that wasn't the rain. It was the sound of hinges.
  I realized a door was swinging, and looked in its direction.
  It was coming from the room next to Aozaki's.
  Sizuki told me before that it was her study.
  Something was on the door.
  A liquid, thick... and red... like paint.
  Inside the study
  I found
  the gruesome sight of
  Aoko Aozaki.
"...!"
  I ran down the hallway. I didn't care about making noise anymore. The storm was too loud to hear anything.
  I threw open the door to each guest room.
  In the third room, I find the lifeless body of the boy who'd been on my mind for three years.
"Hah, hah, hah!"
  Panting, I nearly rolled down the stairs.
  Too fast. I fell. My body bounced off the steps, and rolled into the foyer.
  Nobody was around.
  The front door's wide open, as if we had a visitor.
  My instincts told me that the church members were already ____.
  I heard faint footsteps.
  The sound of the storm faded.
  All sounds around me washed away.
  In front of me...
"Ahh..."
  I felt nothing. No fear. No anger.
  My heart was as calm as a lake, as I laid eyes on the stormy night killer.
  Two eyes flashed in the darkness.
  Light glinted off the weapon in their hands.
  Their face was unworldly, twisted, demonic.
  It was the last thing I ever saw.
  I agreed that it was the best option we had.
"We won't gain anything from grilling each other. Let's just make a decision.
  Raise your hand if you think we should stay in our rooms until morning."
  I raised my hand.
  In favor were... Aozaki, Sister Yuika, Sizuki, and...
 ...Beo, who voted along with Sizuki.
  Those against were Ritsuka, Father Eiri, Tsukiji, and Miss Kuonji.
  With Beo as the tiebreaker, our side won.
"That settles it. Everyone go to your rooms, lock them, and don't leave until morning.
  If you need anything, get it from the kitchen now.
  If you need to use the toilet, hold it."
  Everyone had to be exhausted from a long night of deduction.
  We barely spoke as we headed off to our respective rooms.
"..."
  I locked the door and lay down on the bed.
  Just in case, I decided not to change into my pajamas.
  The day was almost over.
  Once midnight passed, the first day of our three-day break would come to a close.
  I never imagined spending a vacation like this in a million years.
"...Oh, crap... getting... sleepy..."
  My eyelids grew heavy the instant I lay down.
  I knew I still had things to consider, but warm slumber embraced me in moments.
  I think it's too dangerous to hole up in our rooms.
  The reason being...
-Decision O-
"Whew, I'm beat."
  I plopped my butt down on the bed.
  I was always self-conscious around Tsukiji, but Miss Kuonji made me nervous in a different way.
  For some reason, I always felt a pang of guilt whenever she looked at me.
  It was like being gently interrogated, being confronted with all of my life's failures.
  I doubt she meant to make me feel that way. It was just how I reacted to her.
  Nobody was perfect, after all.
"I don't know how Aozaki and Sizuki can live with her every day."
  I could only respect them for that.
  Aozaki simply had an iron will; I bet she lived life without any regrets.
  Sizuki was completely different; it was clear he was just oblivious to how scary Miss Kuonji's gaze could be.
"Anyway..."
  I fell backward onto the bed.
  Outside my window, the sky was overcast.
  The weather forecast had said the three-day weekend was supposed to be sunny. Not so in the mountains, I suppose.
  At this point, I'd met six people staying here:
  Aozaki,
 Miss Kuonji,
 Sizuki,
 Tsukiji
 that idiot Housuke,
 Mr. Yamasiro,
 and Beo.
  Miss Kuonji had implied that there were other guests staying here, too.
  This was a Western-style house and people didn't take their shoes off at the entrance, so I couldn't guess their number by counting shoes.
  For now, I had no idea how many other people were here.
  I decided to rest my eyes and take a short nap.
  One trick I'd picked up from years of part-time work was the ability to sleep in exact 15-minute intervals.
  ...
  ......
  .........
  As I drifted off, I heard a laugh. Or was it a scream?
  Slinging over my shoulder the bag I'd put down in the drawing room, I headed up to the guest rooms on the second floor.
  According to Aozaki, I would be staying in the second room of the east wing.
"Oh."
  As I headed out into the hallway, I ran into Aozaki.
  She seemed to be on her way from the bedrooms to the hall.
"You taking a break too, Aozaki? Is that your room on the end there?"
"Um, y-yeah, but I'm not going in there.
  I'm just looking for something. Don't mind me.
  Oh, the door to your room's open. I left your key on the desk, so make sure to lock the door whenever you leave."
  Aozaki took the stairs down to the first floor.
  My room was unoccupied.
  I checked to make sure I was alone, then put down my luggage and stowed my wallet in a pocket.
  I considered keeping my favorite bunny-shaped commuter pass-and lucky charm-with me, but all it contained was a yearly school festival photo anyway. I left it on the table.
  I was going to be spending the night in an unfamiliar building. It was best to travel light.
"Where's that key...? Oh, here it is."
  It was a brass key, with an old-fashioned and elaborate design that perfectly complemented the mansion's European theme.
  I thought it was best to tackle the problem now.
"Okay everyone, to your―"
"Wait. Before that, I want to check something.
  Does everybody know how many guests are here today?"
"Thirteen, including Kuonji.
  What about it?"
"Does that include Riddell?"
"What...?"
  Tsukiji's eyes went wide.
  He was acquainted with Riddell, so her being here hadn't felt out of place to him.
  But, to someone like me who didn't know her, she stuck out like a sore thumb.
  She had crashed the party without a formal invitation.
"Now you mention it, Riddell wasn't actually invited. So I suppose there's only twelve of us."
"Do you mind explaining, Miss Kuonji?"
"...I didn't realize, either. Aoko and Sizuki were in charge of sending out invitations.
  No one told me they only set out nine invitations. Tokie and I are the hosts, so including Aoko and Sizuki that should've been thirteen.
  Oh, I should mention,
 I personally sent invitations to Ritsuka
 and Beo."
"I invited 
Eiri, 
Yuika, 
Kinomi, 
and Tobimaru."
"I invited 
Kumari. 
I gave the leftover invitations to 
Mr. Yamasiro and 
someone I really, really 
shouldn't mention out loud."
"So the numbers add up, then.
  Soujyuro, tell me who you invited, before I yell at you.
  I'm pretty sure I know already, but tell me. Who you sent. The last invitation to."
"...Oh, I, um... I mean, it's not good to leave people out, so―"
"Touko. You're the one who invited Touko!"
  Aozaki grabbed Sizuki by his collar and shook him violently, like a bobblehead.
"Ohh... Two Riddells..."
"So you invited Touko. But I thought she couldn't step foot inside Misaki anymore."
"Hm? Miss Touko said she beat that curse a long time ago. Mentioned about 'thinking outside the box.' 'If my body's cursed, I'll just use a new one,' or something like that."
"What kind of logic is that?
  ...Ugh. My sister's crazy as always."
"At any rate, if she was invited, she could be here."
"Right. And remember the entrance when the phone line was cut?
  There was a puddle on the floor.
  None of us have been outside since the rain started.
  I thought it hinted that Riddell might've snuck in here ahead of time, but she wasn't wet at all.
  In other words..."
"It's evidence that someone other than Riddell entered the mansion, right?
  But everyone except for Mr. Tokitsu and Mr. Yamasiro was there at that time..."
"So we have an unknown participant.
  A thirteenth guest, if you will."
  This changed everything.
  I'd never heard that Aozaki had an older sister, but now wasn't the time to ask about that.
  The tension in the air was enough to tell me that there was bad blood between her and the people here.
"Touko Aozaki. She'd be more than capable of using Ploys, and she's familiar with the Kuonji mansion.
  Most of all, she's out to kill us-or rather, Aoko specifically. That gives her a far stronger motive than any other suspect."
"Indeed. If Touko is our killer, then locking ourselves in our rooms won't do much good. She could just force her way in."
"Ooh, she *would* do that! Toko's a huge horror fan, after all! ...Hmm. It would be too bad if the genre shifted to horror, but let's worry about our safety first."
"Let's split up and search the mansion. We need to figure out if Touko is really here or not."
"Huh? Oh, um, yeah.
  ...I'll, uh, go check the area around my room."
"I'll check the west wing and the basement, just in case.
  the rest of you should stay here, for your own safety."
  With that, they left the drawing room on a mission,
  leaving me, Tsukiji, Sizuki, and Ritsuka behind.
  Time passed by slowly.
  My eyelids began to feel heavy from anxiety and exhaustion.
  The clock struck midnight.
"I'll go brew some tea. Soujyuro, where do you keep it?"
"There's a pot on the table in the sunroom. Should still be warm."
"Perfect. I'll go get it."
  He probably wanted to get his mind off things.
  Tsukiji strode off toward the sunroom.
"Oh."
  Another blackout.
"I can't see a damn thi―"
  There was a dazzling flash of light.
  Through the window in the sunroom,
  I could see lightning-
"Aghhhhhhhhhhhh!"
"Tsukiji, get back! Now!"
"W-w-what the hell was that!? Someone was there!"
"You three, over here! Into the hall!"
  Ritsuka grabbed my hand and pulled me away from the pitch-black drawing room.
  I definitely saw the outline of a person against the lightning.
  Someone was outside, in the raging storm.
  It could only be the thirteenth guest.
  We fled to the hall.
  The wall lamps here appeared to be on separate wiring, so at least it wasn't completely dark.
"Kuma? What's going on?"
"Th-Th-There was someone outside!"
"I'll go take a look. Soujyuro, Tobimaru, look after Kojika."
  Jogging, Aozaki disappeared into the dark corridor connecting to the parlor.
  Father Eiri and Sister Yuika came down the stairs, and Miss Kuonji returned from the west wing. They must have heard the commotion.
"Looks like the power is out again. Did something happen?"
"We think we saw someone outside the sunroom, so we ran in here. Aoko went to check on it."
  Aozaki returned as we explained the situation.
"Nothing out of the ordinary for the moment. No broken windows in the sunroom, so I don't think anyone slipped inside."
"We also didn't see anything unusual. Touko doesn't seem to be inside the mansion. Which means..."
"That could have been her. If we didn't find anything inside, she might be creeping around the grounds."
"All right, we should look outside then.
  Let's start around the sunroom. It might be dangerous, so Sister Yuika and I will go... Aoko, would you mind coming with us?"
"...Unfortunately, Father, I don't think I'll be of much use in this wind. I won't be able to hear a thing."
"You're right.
  I just didn't want to make Aoko go alone."
"Don't worry, I can defend myself.
  I'm more worried about you, to be honest. You're not armed."
"In that case, can I ask you, Soujyuro?
  We seem to work well enough together."
  Sizuki nodded solemnly.
  I...
-Decision P-
  I think it's too dangerous to leave Aozaki alone.
"Wait, Aozaki. I'll go with you."
"Wh-What're you talking about, Kuma? It's too dangerous outside. Wait in the foyer with Tobimaru."
"But if it's dangerous, I don't want to let you go out there alone. I'm your friend."
  Aozaki couldn't refuse when I put it like that.
  I wanted to watch her back, of course, but I had another reason too.
  Aozaki was currently the most suspicious survivor.
  It wasn't a good idea to let her go alone, for multiple reasons.
  If she was the killer―or Sweets Hearts, or whatever―then our lives were in danger. If I didn't go with her, then it would cast more doubt on her later.
  Anyone could see how dangerous it was outside.
  Of course, I would've liked to stay with Tsukiji,
  but petty feelings like that weren't more important than my friendship with Aozaki.
"...Okay. Fine.
  Just promise you won't leave my side, no matter what.
  Does that work for you, Eiri?"
"Yes. I wanted to send someone with you anyway. Miss Kumari would be as good as anyone."
  Father Eiri seemed to thinking along the same lines.
  ...He had a cool demeanor, but maybe he had genuine concern for Aozaki.
"Tobimaru, look after Yuika and Alice. If we don't find anything in twenty minutes, we'll be back.
  Eiri, when we get outside, you head right; we'll go left."
"Sounds like a plan. Let's go, Soujyuro."
"Soujyuro?"
"Don't worry about me. Take care of Kumari.
  Kumari, watch out for flying branches in this weather. Aozaki is weirdly effective at times like these, so just follow her lead."
"And what is that supposed to mean?"
  I nodded to Sizuki, and made my way outside with Aozaki.
"...!"
  The storm was worse than I expected.
  I could barely keep my eyes open in this wind.
"Kojika! Give me your hand!"
  Aozaki extended her left hand toward me.
  I grabbed hold tightly. Her hand was so cold it sent a shiver down my spine.
  As we rounded one side of the mansion, Aozaki stopped.
"Kuma! Did you see that light?!"
"What light?!"
  I couldn't even open my eyes.
  Aozaki paused before speaking.
"Stick to the wall and head back to the entrance!
  That light had to be the killer!"
"What?! No way! I can't leave you alone out here!"
  My words failed to reach her.
  Aozaki ran away from the mansion into the darkness of the woods.
"Stick to the wall... But I can't even get back to the mansion, you idiot!"
  I screamed out in frustration.
  Somehow, she heard me.
"What?! Did you say something, Kuma?!"
  Aozaki voice came from the tree line.
"I said, I can't get back to the mansion by myself―"
"Behind you! The mansion's directly behind you!
  Just turn around and―Pffhahahahaha!"
  Huh?
"OH, CRAP!
  Did I actually just fall for that?! KUMAAA!"
  Aozaki's words hung in the air, as her body suddenly flew to one side. It was as if she was hit by a high-powered rifle.
  She lay lifelessly on the ground.
  I... I...
  ...I know she looked in my direction before she burst out laughing.
  Behind me.
  Footsteps. I could barely make them out in the rain.
"...!"
  I don't have time to look back or think.
  I ran as fast as I could.
  I needed to get away from whatever was behind me.
  I sprinted into the deep, dark forest, away from the mansion.
"Hah, hah, hah, hah!"
  My chest burned with the exertion.
  I'd never pushed myself this hard, even during P.E. class.
  Wow. I was a pretty good runner.
  It's amazing what humans could do when we think we're about to die.
  My mind began to wander, trying to escape the reality of the situation, when...
"Huh?"
  Suddenly, I felt like I was floating.
  My feet kicked wildly at the air.
"Wait... what?"
  I seemed to be falling backward.
  Every breath sent a painful spasm through my back.
  I reached for my back, feeling like something was wrong, and touched something wet.
  ...I timidly looked at my hand.
  As much I hated to admit it... my hand was strawberry red.
  I licked it. Yup, tastes like iron.
  I'd lost over a liter of blood, and it only kept flowing.
"I can't... believe this..."
  Horrifying reality stopped me from finishing my sentence.
  Something was coming this way.
  At this point, I didn't really care.
  Would I sleep forever...
  ...or be captured by the killer?
  Either way,
  apparently, this was how my night would end.
  I should wait inside the mansion for all three of them to return.
"I'm going to head out. If I don't find anything after twenty minutes, I'll be back."
"Sounds like a plan. Let's go, Soujyuro."
  Sizuki usually kept his distance from Father Eiri, but there was nothing usual about tonight.
  He kept pace at the priest's side, his head on a swivel.
  I waited for what felt like an eternity.
  The power still wasn't back on.
"Looks like we're not going to get the lights back tonight.
  The guest rooms run on a separate set of wiring, so let's hope they're still good."
  Those rooms must've been added at a later date.
  All the older areas of the mansion, like the drawing room, hallways, and west wing, were pitch-dark.
"Wait. Where's Beo?"
"Huh?! Oh, yeah. I don't see him anywhere."
"I'll go look for him. Everyone else stay here. Don't leave Yuika's side. Got it?"
"Ritsuka..."
"I'll be fine, trust me. I'm used to dark nights like these."
  Ritsuka disappeared up the stairs to the second floor of the mansion.
  I...
-Decision Q-
  I feel like if this was a horror movie, this would be the part that gets us killed.
  Thinking about it...
  ...they were away for a while, so, like Aozaki, they could've murdered Mr. Tokitsu and Mr. Yamasiro, too.
  After a long twenty minutes, Aozaki returned.
  She took off her raincoat, and dried herself off with a towel.
"Whew, that's some storm out there.
  The wind's like a brick wall. I'm surprised the trees are still upright... Then again, that's probably the Ploy's doing."
  Aozaki explained that she'd patrolled a loop of the entire mansion, starting from the left side.
  She didn't find anything in front of the sunroom.
"So where are Father Eiri and Soujyuro?"
"...You didn't run into them?"
"Nope. Soon as we got outside, they said they wanted to check out the forest.
There's no way they went there in this storm, is there...?"
  Aozaki and Sister Yuika exchanged concerned glances.
  Then...
"..."
  Sizuki came back inside, looking sullen and dripping wet.
  Father Eiri wasn't with him.
"...Sorry.
  I looked away for a second, and then something very funny happened to the Father."
  Sizuki was clearly downtrodden, but he'd made a bizarre choice of words.
"Mr. Sizuki. You mean Father Eiri's...?"
"...Sounds that way. Who on earth could take out someone like Father Eiri...?!"
  The foyer fell silent.
  Sizuki was biting his lip, clearly ashamed of losing track of the priest and falling for the killer's trap.
"Hm? Soujyuro, what are you holding?"
  Looking closer, I could see something long and fluffy in his hand, about eight inches in length.
"I found it at the east wing, in front of the sunroom."
  He held up what looked like a golden dog plushie. There was a strange pattern on its forehead.
"The fifth victim."
"Wait, is that Beo?!
  So he was the one we saw in front of the sunroom?"
"Oh... now you mention it, it did look like Beo.
  Wait, was he trying to ask for our help?"
  If he was, what did that mean?
  Beo saw the killer outside the sunroom,
  was made to laugh somehow, remembered we were inside, and tried to get our attention?
  Ritsuka was the one who warned us to stay away from Beo.
  She said she was used to dark nights.
  Did she know that the silhouette was Beo trying not to laugh?
"Maybe Beo found something. This is bad. I was secretly counting on him the most.
  Soujyuro, where was Father Eiri killed?"
"On the west side of the forest.
We thought we saw something moving, and when we went to check I heard laughter.
  Then I heard this scream like thunder, and there was a shower of blood. When I looked up, I saw..."
  Everyone held their breath in anticipation.
  We all braced for the gruesome description of the priest's demise.
"You saw...?"
"A bunch of ropes tied up like a spider's web between the trees.
  His body was at the center, all twisted.
  He was completely naked.
And he had a rose in his mouth―"
"Ahahahahahahahaha!"
"Huh?"
  Instinctively, I turned to face the laughter behind me.
"...Oops."
  It all happened so quickly.
  Sister Yuika had turned to stone as soon as she heard Sizuki's report.
"Yuika got petrified!"
"Poor Yuika. She must've pictured what Sizuki was talking about."
"She and Father Eiri were two of the sternest people I've ever met, and yet... Anyway, that's seven victims now. We're dropping like flies."
  Unfortunately for us, all the people who posed the greatest threat to the killer were gone.
  The clock approached 1:00 AM.
  I could rest easy now.
  I returned to my room, alone.
  Even with Aozaki in confinement, we still had to stay on guard.
  I locked the door to my room
 and lay down on my bed.
  All that was left to do was wait for morning.
  So much had happened, but at least I could finally sleep without worrying.
"...Whew."
  God, if you're listening...
  ...make everything go back to how it was by the time I wake up...
"..."
  I woke up to the sound of birds chirping outside.
"Ungh... It's morning..."
  The clock read half past five.
  The sun was beginning to peek over the horizon.
  My ability to rise early was one of my few strong points, so I must've been really exhausted.
  I foggily examined my wrinkled clothes in the mirror.
  It was so quiet outside, like last night's storm never happened.
  A silent morning, with no sounds of movement or talking in the house.
  I stepped out into the hallway, feeling a vague premonition coming on.
  It was quiet.
  The air was crisp.
  Tsukiji's room was clean and tidy.
  Father Eiri's room was clean and tidy.
  Ritsuka's room was clean and tidy.
"Anyone alive out there?"
  I yelled into the void of the west wing, but no one responded.
  My hunch was spot on. Something was wrong.
  This mansion was now the cleanest, quietest place in all of Misaki. It was over.
  I went down to the basement where Aozaki was confined,
  down the narrow staircase to the door.
  The padlock had been broken clean off from the outside.
  Inside the tiny cellar, I saw... a single dead body, lying prone.
  The beautiful, long hair was all I needed to know who it was. Aozaki.
  She wasn't breathing.
  She hadn't been the killer.
  It was unclear what time she was murdered.
  But whoever the killer was broke the lock, made Aozaki laugh, nonchalantly went upstairs, and...
  ...cut off my means of escape. They were going to show up soon.
  They must have been hiding somewhere waiting for me to come down into the basement.
  The stairs were the only way out.
  If the killer followed me down here, I was trapped.
"...Oh, well. Doesn't matter anymore."
  I was at a dead end.
  Game over. Victory to the real killer.
  My thoughts were interrupted by the sounds of footsteps. The footsteps of Death...
  I wasn't so sure about that.
"Now we can finally get some sleep.
  Good night, everyone."
  Ritsuka disappeared up the west-wing stairs.
"...I'm going to get some rest too.
  Sizuki, your room's out of bounds until morning, so take the room you wanted to give to Father Eiri."
"Right. Thanks, Alice."
  Miss Kuonji and Sizuki retired to their respective rooms.
"..."
"..."
  It was just us left.
  I mustered up the courage to look at Tsukiji.
"Kumari, got a minute?"
"Tsukiji, can I talk to you?"
  We smiled at each other. We'd both had the same idea, apparently.
  Things had gotten really out of hand tonight.
  It was an ungodly hour.
  The storm's raging outside seemed to portend the end of the world.
  If we laugh, we die, and yet here I am with a guy I've had a crush on for three years.
"I'm gonna have some tea. You want some?"
"I'll take a coffee. Black, no sugar."
"Very badass. Sweet enough already for you?"
  That sounded a little sarcastic, but I know he didn't mean it that way.
"Want to talk about Person A?"
"Yep. Still haven't got it figured out. You don't think it's 100% Aozaki, do you?"
  He passed me a coffee, and I slowly brought it to my mouth before taking a sip.
  He was right. I didn't.
  We were both on the same page.
"Signs point to Aozaki, but you can't rule out Ritsuka and Sizuki, either.
  The only people we can really trust are Miss Kuonji and each other. I mean, we've all been together since this started."
"Hmm. I don't know about Kuonji.
  Feels to me more like she's on the Ploys' side."
"Really? She seems neutral to me. Got anything to back that up?"
"She doesn't seem interested in finding the killer, for one... Oh, I know.
 This is just a hunch, but I feel like she's helping them somehow."
"It's possible. The Ploy belongs to her, and the killer's a Ploy in disguise. Maybe that's why she's neutral."
"I don't mean she's helping the Ploy; I mean the person using it.
  For a start, she didn't seem mad at all about someone using her Ploy like that."
"Oh."
  He was right.
  Does that mean Miss Kuonji knew who the killer was?
"I don't think she necessarily knows. Still, she's definitely hiding something.
  About Sweets Hearts, for example. Going off what Riddell said, you need a certain something to use it."
"Maybe it's like a magical sword.
  Y'know, not just anyone can wield it. Only 'the chosen one.'"
  Could a thing really choose who uses it?
  If so, did that mean Miss Kuonji was supporting―no, empathetic to it?
"That aside, I know this is a little late to ask, but are you really okay with teaming up with me?"
  Well, that came out of nowhere.
  I tried my best to stay calm as I answered,
"Yeah. I trust you, Tsukiji."
"Not a good idea trusting anyone in a situation like this.
 Feels like the person you trust the most'll stab you in the back."
"...I guess you're right. We should all be wary of everyone."
"Exactly. We can only trust ourselves. That's why we all need someone to keep an eye on us, objectively.
  It's probably why Riddell wanted us all to pair up, too. Two minds, one body. Kinda appropriate given we're dealing with Sweets Hearts here."
  We put Riddell behind us.
"So who do you think's the most likely suspect at this point?"
"I think we're all on equal ground. I still don't know if Yurihiko's body was the real deal or not.
  I think the killer tricked Aozaki into hiding whatever's in her room, too. Get rid of the biggest threat, and all that."
"You think she was framed?"
"Yeah. She was too preoccupied with covering something up to think about anything else.
  Plus, she was saying some weird things. When do you think
 that business with Touko happened?"
  I...
-Decision S-
  I spaced out, and random thoughts filled my mind.
"Kumari? What're you doing? Let's go."
"Oh, sorry. Coming."
  The other two had already set off. I picked up my things and followed them.
  Aozaki was verbally sparring with Mr. Yamasiro as they walked down the tree-lined path.
  I hurried after them.
  Looking up at the sky, I saw ominous clouds starting to roll in.
"Wait, what's the weather forecast for today?"
  The heavens looked like they could open up any moment.
  Would I have to trek back home in the rain?
  Once we were past of the woods, I could see more clearly.
  In the clearing stood a large building that felt out of time.
"What a magnificent European mansion! How anyone could call such a work of art a haunted house is beyond me!"
"Well, they kind of have a point. No smoke without fire, right? That kind of thing happens around here. You should keep an eye out for ghosts, Mr. Yamasiro."
"Hahaha! I find your attempts at humor scarier than any ghost, Aozaki."
  I wonder if he actually believed her.
  I've known Aozaki for three years and I think she's never told a joke with *that* expression.
"Aozaki. Were you serious about that?"
"Ghosts aside, strange stuff does happen here.
 Nothing to worry about though. If you see anything weird, ignore it."
"..."
  I agreed with Mr. Yamasiro.
  "Ignore anything weird, even ghosts" was kind of a scary thing to say.
  The foyer of the Kuonji Estate was colder than I expected.
  I knew the mountains were colder, but this was something else.
  It felt like winter in here.
"Would you look at this decor! From the outside, it looks like a standard Tudor style construction, but the foyer is closer to Romanesque architecture.
  The connecting hallway and the lobby here appear to be from different time periods. It's as though another building has been tacked on―Oh?"
"Whaaaat? Seriously? Mr. Yamasiro?"
  I heard a stupid, irritating voice behind me, and sure enough, there was an idiot standing in the foyer.
"Whoa! And Kojika, too!
  I wondered where the prez got to this morning. Guess she was picking up you two, huh?"
"Hey, what's Housuke doing here?"
"Soujyuro probably invited him. He said something this morning about a 'nice surprise' for everyone.
  Can't say I agree with his choice, but it could be worse. At least Kinomi can liven the mood."
"Hell yeah I can! I've got a bunch of party tricks and jokes ready to go! Ghost stories, impressions, you name it!"
"If we wanted something loud and annoying, we would've brought a cockatoo.
  I can never tell what that Sizuki is thinking.
  Housuke, make yourself useful and help me with my luggage."
"Come on! You know I'm funny!"
  I ignored him and put my overnight bag down on the floor.
"Don't look inside."
"I know, I know. I don't wanna see your boring grandma underwear anyway!
  ...Oof, man, this is heavy! Your granny panties made from chain mail?"
  Housuke picked up my bag and carried it toward the hallway to the east wing.
  Of course it was heavy. Couldn't come here without my trusty wok, cleaver, rice, and char siu. What if I wanted fried rice later?
"The drawing room's over there. That's where the party's going to be.
  Alice made up guest rooms for each of you, so if you're tired, head on up. You can change in there too, if you like."
  Hmm.
  In that case...
-Decision B-
"Oh!"
  Out in the hallway, I ran into Aozaki.
  She seemed to be on her way from the bedrooms to the hall.
"You taking a break too, Aozaki? Is that your room at the end?"
"Um, y-yeah, but I'm not going in there.
  I'm just looking for something. Don't mind me."
  Aozaki took the stairs down to the first floor.
  I unlocked the door and entered my room.
  Nobody was inside, and there was no sign of any items having been disturbed.
  I think Touko Aozaki was the first victim.
"Touko has to have been first, otherwise Aozaki wouldn't have acted so weird.
  Aozaki was out shopping all morning. Her big sister must have been killed sometime after she left, but before she brought you all here and went back into her room."
"I passed Aozaki in the hallway on the second floor around 3:30.
 Touko must've been drowning herself in oldies right around then."
  I think Touko must've died sometime between 4:00PM and 6:00PM.
  I think Touko must've died sometime between 6:00PM and 8:00PM.
  I think Touko must've died sometime between 8:00PM and 10:00PM.
  I think Touko must've died sometime between 10:00PM and midnight.
"Well, until we can come up with any real conclusions, this is all just speculation.
  I think the real problem isn't figuring out when the murder was committed, but how."
"It takes a serious sense of humor to make someone like Mr. Yamasiro or Father Eiri to laugh out loud.
  Other factors like timeframe being equal, just having a sense of humor excludes some people right off the bat, like Soujyuro, Beo, and Kinomi."
  Tsukiji had latched onto something big.
  Why hadn't anyone else thought of that?
  Housuke's jokes only made people cringe; Beo didn't even understand the concept of humor.
  As for Sizuki, I've met planks of wood that get jokes quicker.
  Our discussion carried on until nearly 3:00 AM.
"Huah..."
  I yawned. I was by no means relaxed, just exhausted.
  After everything that's happened, I'd be surprised if anyone had any real energy left.
"It's late. We should probably get some sleep. Are you gonna rest? I can crash on the sofa just to be safe."
  He was clearly on guard for Sweets Hearts disguised as Aozaki, or someone else.
  I yawned again.
-Decision T-
  It should be safe as long as the door is locked, but we still had other things to worry about.
"We've made it this far. Only a little longer to go.
  Y'know, Tsukiji, you're the one who said not to trust anybody."
"Oh, yeah. I'm a suspect, too.
  Guess I didn't need to worry about you, huh?"
  Tsukiji turned to the door, ready to leave.
  I tried to say something.
"Th-This doesn't have anything to do with anything, but...
  ...even though it's been, y'know, a rough day, you seem―I dunno―content."
  What the hell was I saying?
  I was just embarrassing myself.
"People died and I almost joined them. 'Rough day' is putting it lightly."
  Luckily, he took my question seriously.
"But, I guess, in a way... it's been kind of fun.
  You feel the same, don't you, Kumari?"
  His considerate reply was so reassuring, I almost forgot my anxiety.
"That's a surprise. I thought you looked down on this sort of thing."
"Well, you were wrong, then. I love this kind of chaos. I don't want to take life too seriously."
"For real? Well, you just blew my mind."
  I was being serious. It reminded of the time I first realized that I'd fallen for him.
  Tsukiji was an amazing person.
  But he was squandering his potential.
  He didn't want glory or to move up in the world.
  It felt like such a waste of human capital.
  I could never do that. How long had I been watching him, wanting to kick his butt into gear?
"Look, I know this probably isn't the time...
  ...but you're not exactly a people-person sometimes, and yet you talk to me. Why is that?"
"Hm?
 You've worked your ass off for six years, without relying once on your parents, teachers, or anyone else."
"..."
"Anyway, I'll catch you in the morning down in the foyer."
  And with that, the room went quiet again.
  For some reason, I felt a tight squeezing sensation in my chest.
"In a way... it's been kind of fun."
"You feel the same, don't you, Kumari?"
  Tsukiji's words replayed themselves over and over in my head.
  ...Yeah. He was right.
  Maybe it had been fun.
"..."
  I woke up to the sound of birds chirping.
"Ungh... It's morning..."
  The clock read half past five.
  The sun was beginning to peek over the horizon.
  My ability to rise early was one of my few strong points, so I must've been really exhausted.
  I foggily examined my wrinkled clothes in the mirror.
  My body was still asleep.
  I was too tired to even make tea, so I just grabbed my wallet and card case off the table.
  The case contained my commuter pass and some pictures I took each year.
  I had a rare shot of Aozaki making a fool of herself at this year's school festival.
  She either drank champagne thinking it was a soft drink,
  or someone slipped alcohol in the juice cocktail.
  Next thing I knew, she was all hyper, yelling about wearing someone else's clothes.
  I got a great shot of her with my disposable camera.
  I loved that photo so much I carried it with me in my card case everywhere I go.
  Whenever I felt down, it always cheered me up to look at it and remember how adorable Aozaki could be. It was a side of herself that nobody who knew her would ever expect.
  Especially her comedic side.
"...Huh?"
  Wait a second.
  Did I just think something I really shouldn't have, that would be incredibly bad to bring up now?
"Oh, right... where is everyone?"
  I rifled through my overnight bag to see if anything might be of use.
  Turns out, the stuff I brought to cook with was worth bringing.
  I hovered over the wok or the cleaver, ultimately deciding to take the wok with me.
  I went out into the hallway.
  The air was slightly cooler than inside the guest room.
  Silence had fallen over the mansion once again.
  There was no sound, no sign of life.
  It was like the storm never happened.
  Tsukiji's room was empty.
  Sizuki wasn't in Father Eiri's room.
  Nobody was in Ritsuka's room, either.
"Miss Kuonji!"
  I called out into the void of the west wing, but got no response.
  I was alone.
  I headed down to the basement where Aozaki was confined,
  down a  narrow staircase to a door.
  The padlock had been broken clean off from the outside.
"...Aozaki?"
  I braced myself for whatever was to come, and opened the door.
  Inside the tiny cellar, I saw ...a dead body, lying face down.
  The beautiful, long hair was all I needed to see to know it was Aozaki.
  She wasn't breathing.
  She'd scrawled something with her left hand in her last moments.
  It was dying message, written in blood.
  I could feel the disdain in the words.
"Told you so."
"You sure did..."
  Aozaki wasn't the killer.
  It wasn't clear when she was murdered.
  But whoever the killer was broke the lock, made her laugh, nonchalantly went upstairs, and...
"Hah, hah, hah!"
  I tried to control my breathing and my racing mind.
  Everyone was dead.
  Everyone was dead.
  Probably, only the killer and I were left.
  But the sun was already up.
  Wait, not completely.
  If the rules said it ended in the morning, then the game wasn't over yet.
  I had to get out of here now and figure out who the killer is.
  There was no winning this unless I did something.
  Everyone was dead. No turning back now.
  I...
-Decision U-
  If that's how it has to be, then there's no helping it now.
"Y-Yeah, I guess it's the best option right now.
  I-I mean I have lots of brothers, so I'm used to sleeping in the same room as boys. It's fine. Completely fine."
"Perfect. I'll take the sofa then.
  I'm pretty exhausted myself. Hopefully, I can get some rest if I know you're nearby."
  Tsukiji quickly fell asleep after raising his hand to wave goodnight.
  I looked at him all wrapped up in a blanket...
"Oh, come on."
  Seeing him fall asleep so quickly helped me to feel relaxed too.
  ...I definitely didn't want to get excited in a situation like this. Plus, I was beat.
  I didn't have any pajamas, and didn't feel like changing anyway.
  For comfort, I did remove my wallet and card case from my pockets and place them on a table, before sliding under a blanket fully-clothed.
  I couldn't fall asleep as fast as Tsukiji, but I could feel myself drifting off already.
  Into a deep, deep sleep...
  Did... I just hear... laughter... next to me...?
  I woke up to the sound of birds chirping.
"Ungh... It's morning..."
  The clock read half past five.
  The sun was beginning to peek over the horizon.
  My ability to rise early was one of my few strong points, so I must've been really exhausted.
  I looked around the room, my vision blurry.
"Oh! Tsukiji!"
  I went to sleep in the same room as him.
"Huh?"
  I finally realized that he wasn't where I'd last seen him.
  There was nobody on the sofa.
  Just his clothes.
  They were laid out neatly like they were on display.
  It was like he'd shrunk so small he'd disappeared, or melted away somewhere.
  Maybe he wanted to die by completely vanishing.
"...Tsukiji?"
  I tried touching his clothes.
  I touched his blanket, and the sofa.
  His warmth had long since faded.
  My card case had fallen around where his hand might have been.
  I could guess what happened.
  He never really fell asleep.
  He pretended to, so I'd relax. Then he stayed up to watch over me all night.
  This was a locked-room murder.
  It was clear what the murder weapon is, and I was finally close to figuring out who the killer was, too.
  I picked up my card case, and left the room feeling empty inside.
  ...I'm so sorry, Tsukiji.
  As Aozaki's friend, of course you'd laugh at that photo.
  It was quiet.
  The air was crisp.
  My mind was so blank I almost laughed.
  Tsukiji's room was clean and tidy.
  Father Eiri's room was clean and tidy.
  Ritsuka's room was clean and tidy.
"Anyone alive out there?"
  I yelled into the void of the west wing, but no one responded.
  My hunch was spot on. Something was wrong.
  This mansion was now the cleanest, quietest place in all of Misaki. It was over.
  I went down to the basement where Aozaki was confined,
  down the narrow staircase to the door.
  The padlock had been broken clean off from the outside.
  Inside the tiny cellar, I saw... a single dead body, lying prone.
  The beautiful, long hair was all I needed to know who it was. Aozaki.
  She wasn't breathing.
  She hadn't been the killer.
  It was unclear what time she was murdered.
  But whoever the killer was broke the lock, made Aozaki laugh, nonchalantly went upstairs, and...
  ...cut off my means of escape. They were going to show up soon.
  They must have been hiding somewhere waiting for me to come down into the basement.
  The stairs were the only way out.
  If the killer followed me down here, I was trapped.
"...Oh, well. Doesn't matter anymore."
  I was at a dead end.
  Game over. Victory to the real killer.
  My thoughts were interrupted by the sounds of footsteps. The footsteps of Death...
  Noon. Central Park.
  I finished making extra prints at the store, and threw away the disposable camera so I didn't have to carry it around.
  It was a beautiful day out; the sky was clear, and the autumn air was crisp.
  The troubles of the summer were gone, and it was a brand new day.
  I, Kojika Kumari, was about to spend my long weekend at the strangest of events.
"Thanks for waiting!
  Whoa, what's with all the stuff? Damn, that's a huge overnight bag."
  An hour had passed already, and it was 1:00 PM.
  Aoko Aozaki arrived at our meeting place.
  Aozaki was my classmate, friend, and comrade on the student council.
  We'd only been friends since high school, but it oddly felt longer, like we'd always known each other.
  As you can see, she was as bright and lively as ever.
  If she was a drink, she'd be a soft drink, a carbonated soda. She was the kind of person who solved a tough problem by hitting it until it surrendered.
"Didn't I write on the invitation that I'd have everything for the party at the Kuonji house, so don't bring anything?"
"I don't know what you're talking about.
  The invitation just said there's a birthday party, so come at the start of the long weekend, and bring your own food."
"Seriously? Sorry. Alice is new to this kind of thing. That's probably why you called this morning and wanted me to come meet you.
  Anyway, moving on...
 Is that dull guy behind you with you? He looks kinda out of place."
"Oh, come on! I just got this suit yesterday. Don't I clean up pretty well?"
"As always, you look about as plain as copy paper, Mr. Yamasiro.
  So what're you doing here today?
  Following your students around? You know that'll be illegal one day, so I wouldn't get into a habit of doing it."
  Aozaki never pulled her punches, inside or outside of school.
  She was particularly harsh to Mr. Yamasiro, almost like they were related.
"Oh, you mean stalking?
 I think you're probably the expert on that, Aozaki. That's just my personal impression of you, though.
  Don't look at me like that. Anyway, here...
  I received an invitation this morning, so I'm participating as an advisor to the student council. I have a responsibility to chaperone you, don't I?"
"..."
  The invitation Mr. Yamasiro pulled out was the same as the one I got.
  Aozaki looked surprised, to say the least.
  That was no act.
"Ugh. That's Soujyuro's handwriting... I should've known better than to ask him for help..."
"Hahaha! I thought it very considerate of him!
  Why, Aozaki, I imagine Sizuki could really go places, given the right opportunities.
  And look at what else he wrote.
'Please watch over the party, because who knows what Aozaki might do.'
  He's even preparing for emergencies! Fine management skills, if you ask me."
  Aozaki let out a defeated sigh.
  She couldn't turn away Mr. Yamasiro, since he'd been formally invited.
  However cold-hearted she appeared, she did have a sense of etiquette.
"Okay, okay. Follow me, I guess.
  Is this the first time you've both visited the Kuonji Estate?"
"It is. People around here don't usually go near Shiroinuzuka. Take what happened this past summer, for instance."
"I've been this way a few times.
  This mountain's like sacred ground for all the kids around here."
  Maybe "sacred ground" was an exaggeration, but I couldn't think of a better way to describe it.
  For years, there had been urban legends circulating about the hills there.
  Like the "Demon Dog of the Slope."
  Or the one where, if you went into the woods on a foggy day, you'd come out either as someone different or with strange powers.
  Those stories were probably the reason kids came here: to test their courage.
  In elementary school, if you went into the woods and touched the mailbox of the haunted house, you were officially awesome right up until graduation.
  I guess that's why sacred ground seemed to fit the area.
"You walked all this way to and from school for over two years, Aozaki? You must be very athletic."
  Mr. Yamasiro gazed down at the city excitedly; maybe it was the first time he'd seen it from this angle.
  I'd like to feel that excited, too, but I couldn't relax, given the situation.
  Because-
"How's your exam studying going, Aozaki?
  I'm sure you've got it under control, so there's probably no need to worry about you."
"Of course, I have it under control.
  I wouldn't dare cause any trouble for you, Mr. Yamasiro."
"Glad to hear it. You always turn down my advice, after all. Are you really that against attending a local university?"
"Not particularly. I just want to keep my options open. If anyone needs advice, it's Kumari."
"Not at all. She's doing just fine. She's taken my recommendation for Mizora. She and her parents have already decided she'll be attending there."
"Ah."
  I silently tried to tell Aozaki to ignore the topic.
  Let me take a moment here to talk about my history and what was happening today.
  My name is Kojika Kumari; I'm a third-year senior in high school.
  You know what students are like, struggling through exams without any hopes or dreams...
  Well, I'm not a typical student. I want to attend a college in the city.
  I'm planning to attend a local university. Given my current academic performance, that should be a piece of cake.
  My parents insist I get a job; they don't want me attending college at all.
"You're going to help out with the family business. Why go to college?"
  That's my old-fashioned father for you―as big and as hard-headed as a bear.
  Luckily, my older brothers managed to convince him to let me go despite his archaic ways.
"Mad Daddy, Kojika needs to experience college life, and do gymnastics there. Don't you want to see her on the pommel horse?"
"Hahaha, that's why you're the oldest, brother. I think the rings are more her thing! She's too weak for horses."
"You kidding, my double bros? The horizontal bar is where it's at! Once you get a taste of those vertical flips, you'll never go back!"
"Yeah, and she's a hit with the guys. We can use that! I bet those dumbasses at the skating club will beg us to convince her to join their team!"
  Honestly, my brothers are idiots.
  Those gymnastics events were male-only, for goodness' sake.
"B
U
N
C
H
O
F
C
R
E
E
P
S!
I don't really want to keep any more meatheads around here, but it's the only way to protect Kojika.
Fine, but only if it's Mizora College. It's close, and she might even bring in some new regulars!
  Gahahaha!"
  That was the decision my four brothers and my father came to in their little huddle.
  Just thinking about my family makes me want to die, but that's how it's been since elementary school, so I'm used to feeling like that.
  I did as my father asked and set my sights on Mizora Sport Science U.
  That put him at ease, but I had other things in mind.
  I convinced him to let me put down a college in the city as my "safety school."
"You're supposed to write down up to three schools you're interested in for your teacher to review. Just a formality, so I don't need any extra money or anything."
  My father believed every word of it.
  Of course, I fully intended to go to my second choice in the city.
  That's why I secretly worked a part-time job.
  I'd saved enough over three years to cover living costs if I got in. I'd have to get a loan for tuition fees, but it was the only way to make the plan work.
  My father was stubborn and brash, but he appreciated hard work and diligence.
  If he saw that I passed my exams while saving up enough money to pay for myself, he'd probably let me go.
  Not that I wouldn't even if he disapproved.
  Everything was going according to plan so far.
  The only thing that could stop me was sudden illness preventing me from taking the entrance exam.
  Oh, right. There was one other thing...
"So, do you have a boyfriend, Aozaki?"
  Aozaki didn't reply.
  It's a beautiful day and Mr. Yamasiro had been invited to a party, so he couldn't be thinking straight.
  He'd unknowingly spoken a word forbidden in Misaki High.
  Strangely―then again, maybe it's not so strange―Aozaki was single.
  She was undoubtedly attractive if she wasn't speaking to you,
 but she was permanently in a bad mood, and didn't bother with small talk.
"Were you up all night, Mr. Yamasiro?"
"Oh, I, um, I was just, you know, curious. You're almost free of your student council duties, and I'm simply raising a glass to your youth as your teacher..."
"Thank you *ever* so kindly for your concern, Mr. Yamasiro.
  If you're so concerned about me, perhaps we should date.
  But what would happen if people were to find out?
  What would happen if they found out our dark, little secret?"
  Aozaki beamed.
  If looks could kill...
"...I'm sorry. I was out of line. Please, don't go doing anything that would put me out of a job.
  You've got exams coming up, so of course you don't need to worry about relationships.
  Excellent. Yes. You study hard, Aozaki!"
  Mr. Yamasiro laughed uncomfortably.
"Good. Please, think before you speak in the future. Certain people at the mansion might not take kindly to slips of the tongue. Right, Kuma?"
"Right...
  Sure, it's a party, but it's for someone's birthday."
  I was starting to feel a little inadequate.
  I wasn't as attractive or cool as Aozaki.
  I mean, I wasn't even sure my college plan was really going to work. I felt more anxious every day.
  Pathetic, I know.
  If I didn't already have enough to worry about, there was the equally big problem of a boy at school.
"I'm surprised Miss Kuonji is holding a party at her place. Aozaki, you mentioned even her father rarely gets to visit."
"It came as a shock to me too, actually. I guess people really can change.
'Sizuki's friends can come, too. I don't mind.'
  Never thought I'd hear Alice say something like that."
  The gate to Shiroinuzuka stood tall, as if designed to warn off visitors.
  Aozaki opened the gate; it wasn't even locked.
  I felt like we were passing into a different world. Was it just me, or did the trees and mountains look different inside?
  I...
-Decision A-
  I think it would be best to run away until the morning.
"Huh?"
  Something felt off for a second there.
  It was as if my decision was completely different from the words that came from my mouth.
"No time for that! I have to get out of here!"
  The game would end if I could just keep from getting caught until sunrise.
  As long as I survived, Sweets Hearts wouldn't win.
  The storm was over. If I could just make it to the city, everything would go back to normal...!
"...No way."
  I'd been heading downhill all this time, so how did I end up behind the mansion?
  Aaah...
  The ground distorted.
  My senses went haywire.
  The world crumbled.
  I must've done something wrong.
  Suddenly, a voice whispered in my ear.
          "Con-
gra-
tu-
lations
 on
 kill-
ing
 ev-
ery-
one."
  It was a voice of terror that I'd never heard before,
  yet it sounded so familiar...
  I thought I should try to deduce who the killer is.
"Calm down. Everything should be in order."
  I controlled my breathing and began to organize the facts in my head.
  I didn't have a decisive answer to the killer's motive, method, or identity.
  There was only one thing I knew for sure.
  Tsukiji had said it many times.
  It's not about who committed the murders,
but rather who *could have* committed the murders.
  The first murder: Tokitsu's capture and death by explosion.
  We could exclude the following suspects: Me,
 Miss Kuonji,
 Tsukiji,
 Housuke,
 Father Eiri,
 and Sister Yuika.
  The second murder: Mr. Yamasiro's fabulous funeral.
  Impossible to rule any suspects out.
  At a stretch, we could maybe exclude Miss Kuonji.
  We don't know when Mr. Yamasiro was killed, because we were all looking around after Tokitsu's murder.
  It's unlikely the murder was committed within that ten-minute gap, but we couldn't rule it out completely.
  The third murder: Housuke and Riddell.
  Who cares?
  The fourth murder: Beo.
  It can't have been me, because I didn't search for Aozaki's sister.
 Neither could it have been Tsukiji,
 Sizuki,
 or Ritsuka.
  The fifth murder: Father Eiri's web.
  We were in the foyer, so it couldn't have been me,
 Tsukiji,
 Ritsuka,
 or Miss Kuonji.
  The sixth murder: The Yuika statue.
  This one didn't matter, either.
  The seventh murder: the elder Aozaki's death by alcohol poisoning.
  This might actually have been the first murder in the timeline. We could exclude...
 ...maybe only Miss Kuonji, barely.
  That's everything I knew.
  Now it came down to simple process of elimination.
  Who was the invisible killer who made everyone laugh?
  I think the killer must be...
-Decision V-
  ...It was Sizuki.
  If the facts were pointing to anyone, it was him.
  He knew this mansion inside and out.
  He'd been helping out with the birthday party, so he could move about freely without raising suspicion.
  But the biggest piece of evidence...
  ...was the glaring discrepancy between his and Miss Kuonji's alibis.
  Sizuki said he was in the mansion in the morning.
  However, that's not what his landlady said.
  She said that "no one was around to help," so she locked the place up herself.
  If she did that on a regular basis, she wouldn't have bothered to mention that.
  Miss Kuonji wanted either Sizuki or Aozaki to lock the doors.
  Aozaki said she was in town in that morning.
  That's likely why her sister was able to enter her room.
  Sizuki lied about being at the mansion at that time.
"Not the strongest case, I know, but that's all I have to go on..."
  I felt that there was more I could pin on him, but I wasn't sure what right now.
  I had to find Sizuki before morning. Before...
  Someone was behind me.
"So you're the killer,
 Sizuki!!!"
"Whuh?!"
  Eat this!
  I took up my trusty wok and swing it as hard as I could, before he could lay a hand on me.
  It connected, hard.
  Harder than it should have...
  Sizuki... I only saw him briefly, but I knew it was him. He collapsed to the ground,
 and a strange item tumbled onto the floor.
  ...It was the kind of cheap fake glasses and nose you'd find in any bag of party favors.
"W-Who would actually laugh at this?!"
  The only ones who would were Miss Kuonji who didn't get out much... and Aozaki, who thought so much of Sizuki.
  Whatever. I started running.
  As long as I've guessed the killer correctly, I've beaten the game.
  But maybe Sizuki would recover and come after me.
  I decided to escape through the foyer.
  If I could make it to the forest outside, I'd win.
  It had to be morning by now...!
"Huh...?"
  It was still dark outside.
  What?
  How?
  How was it still dark out?!
"Excellent... work... I must say..."
"Eh?"
  A resentful female voice croaked from the foyer.
  Wait, female?!
  But who was it?! I thought Sizuki was the killer!
"Hah, hah, hah, hah!"
  Run. Just run. RUN!
  I was confused, but I could still run.
  I tripped and fell. As I stood up, I tried to take a second to think.
  I was mistaken.
  The game was still on.
  If that was true, then Sweets Hearts had won.
  Sizuki was the killer. I was sure of it!
  I'd said it out loud, and I was still alive, wasn't I?
  Remember the rules:
  If you accuse someone and you're wrong, you die.
  As long as I was still alive, Sizuki had to be the killer.
  Was I wrong? *Was I missing something?!*
"My guess about the killer...
  It must have been a hint! Think! How did things come to this...?!"
  I heard footsteps getting louder.
  Morning was almost here.
  This is my last and only chance.
  I...
-Decision W-
"It's no use. There's not enough evidence...
  If I guess wrong, I'm done for..."
  I didn't know who the killer was.
  But we were the only ones left in the mansion.
  If I made a random guess and ended up being eliminated, I was finished.
  In that case, maybe I should just make a run for it, and win the game that way...?
"You..."
  A shadowy figure crept up behind me.
  It raised its hand as if to say hello.
"I
 aM
 An
 AlieN
 FrOM
 OuTeR
 SpAcE,
 EarTH
 CREatuRE."
"Pfft!"
  The primitive directness of his greeting caught me off guard.
"Sizuki?! You're the killer?!"
"YeS.
 wE dID iT.
 We DId It.
 WE DiD iT."
"You can cut that voice out now."
  I struggled to inject calm into my voice, and to keep my arms and legs from shaking.
  That voice really was something.
  So much that I was more concerned with making it stop than whodunits or howdunits.
"...
 wE
 aRe
 MarTIAnS."
"I don't care.
Just explain what's going on already.
  I already laughed, so I'm going to die. I'd at least like to know what's going on before I do."
"Sorry, but I can't do that.
  I can only discuss my own situation."
"?"
  What was that supposed to mean?
  Sizuki could only talk about himself.
  Does that mean... there was someone else...?
"You've got to understand, Kumari.
  Can you imagine a whole year of being picked on again and again for having no sense of humor?
  How it feels for a man to muster up the courage to liven the party mood, only to be shot down?"
"I know how it feels to want to punch you right now."
  I didn't even want to think about this anymore, but did he seriously do all this to prove he has a sense of humor?
  I'd say he failed the moment he put on that ridiculous disguise, but was that any reason to help a murderer?!
"The only people who'd laugh at something like that are Aozaki and Miss Kuonji.
  No one else on this planet would."
"No one but you."
"Oh, I'm gonna hit you."
"I'm sorry. Never mind."
"So...
  ...it was Aozaki's photo that made Tsukiji and the others laugh, wasn't it?"
"Yeah. That was the ace up my sleeve.
  And a treat for me, too."
  Any of the guys who knew Aozaki would laugh at that picture of her.
  Particularly Mr. Yamasiro, Tsukiji, and Father Eiri.
"So that means the killer must be..."
  I tried to speak, but the words didn't come out.
  I'd played right into Sweets Hearts's hands.
  The killer―Sizuki―was the last person left standing, while I'd failed to guess correctly and just stood here, mind blank.
  I was just one step away...
  I'd almost figured it all out.
  If I'd just focused more in the evening...
  ...and thought it through a bit more...
  ...There had to be two.
  Yeah, two.
  It was impossible to explain some things if there was only one method.
  But what if there were two?
  First, to consider the nature of the murders.
  They could be divided up into the times the killer made the victim laugh,
  and times when the victim saw a dead body and laughed.
  Housuke, Riddell, and Sister Yuika fell under the latter self-destructive category,
  but it might have applied to another victim, too,
  ...Beo.
  Beo died outside the sunroom after he laughed,
  but there was nothing in the sunroom that could've made him laugh.
  It was unlikely anything had been set up in the forest,
  not when the weather was so bad.
  So, the trap must have been laid inside,
  but not in the sunroom.
  What about above the sunroom, on the second floor?
  Aozaki's bedroom was directly above the sunroom.
  Maybe someone had asked Beo to look into Aozaki's room from the outside.
  And then, Beo had seen something:
  Touko out of her mind, dead drunk.
  Beo knew Touko well.
There was definitely a chance he'd laugh if he saw her like that.
  It was ingenious, as traps went.
  Either way, even if he didn't laugh, the person who asked him simply told him to check, so they wouldn't seem suspicious.
  It would only make people suspect Aozaki sooner.
"...So there are two M.O.s.
  A direct method, and a secondary method that uses the victims.
  Similarly..."
  There were two killers.
  Riddell's suggestions.
  Tsukiji's suspicions.
  Teams of two. Intimate betrayal―two minds, one body.
  Sweets Hearts, the prayer Ploy Kickshaw.
  In retrospect, it was such a revealing name.
  If "sweet" referred to its pudding body, then what about "heart"?
"Humans. The enemy can take on multiple forms!"
  That meant there were *two* Sweets Hearts.
  In this game, the killer and prime suspect had to be separate people!
  The prime suspect used a Ploy,
  while their accomplice carried out the killings.
  Sizuki merely played the role of the suspect.
  I had guessed correctly, but I hadn't seen the full picture.
  That must be why I wasn't out of the woods yet, so to speak.
"Wait. Hold on. Wait one stir-fired second!
  The answer is obvious, now! I just need to solve one problem!"
  I...
-Decision X-
"All right."
  Fifteen-minute nap done! I checked myself in the mirror.
  I took a hairbrush out of my bag, quickly brushed my hair, and left the room.
  As I locked the door behind me, I heard an unfamiliar voice coming from downstairs.
  A new guest?
  I didn't hear a peep until I left the guest room... it must have had great soundproofing.
"It's really coming down out there.
  I thought it was supposed to be clear skies all through the long weekend, but I guess we couldn't be that lucky."
"Perhaps the problem lies with the people here... Then again, I can hardly disagree with you if you say there isn't a problem, Father."
"Shh. You don't have to say everything you think, Yui!
Oh, did you leave the laundry outside? Please tell me our sheets aren't getting wet as we speak."
"Don't worry, it's taken care of. I had a feeling something bad would happen today."
"..."
  The guests were from Aida Church.
  Miss Kuonji appeared to have overheard them-she came out from the east wing to greet them.
"Forgive our tardiness, after you personally invited us. Are you well, Alice?"
"I don't remember inviting you, but you're here now so I suppose that's fine. This way.
  I only prepared a seat for Ritsuka, but I'll get some more chairs."
"No need to go out of your way. Father Eiri and I will be leaving soon.
Besides, if we need to sit down, we can just sit on Ritsuka."
"Hey!
 That's mean, Yui! And what makes it worse is you're not even joking!
  You should be nicer to your big sister!"
  Let's just call these guys "Team Church."
  Miss Kuonji led Father Eiri and Yuika into the drawing room.
  Father Eiri looked  like he was enjoying himself.
  He was always so laid back, with a permanent smile on his face. It was hard to tell how he really felt about being here.
  Sister Yuika was clearly unhappy.
  Then again, like Father Eiri, her expression rarely changed, so who knew how she really felt?
  And then there was...
"Oh, Kojika! Ciao!"
  ...Ritsuka. I wondered what manner of beast lurked beneath that cheerful veneer.
  Probably not even a kitten.
"Hi, Ritsuka.
  I didn't know you were invited."
"Yeah! Allie told me I definitely had to come.
  Father Eiri and Yuika both got a letter from Ako...
  Wait. Does that mean different people got different invitations?"
"Seems like it. I was invited by Sizuki."
  Ritsuka was Yuika's sister, and not a real member of the clergy.
  She was just a regular citizen of Misaki. I saw her every now and then in the shopping district.
"Anyway, what's the deal with the weather?"
"I know, right? It's started raining, but hopefully it'll clear up soon."
  Ritsuka glanced outside, concerned.
  I...
-Decision D-
  ...This wasn't working. I couldn't think straight!
  At this rate, I'd never figure out who the killer was.
  If I couldn't use my head, I'd have to rely on my legs and get out of here!
  The game would end if I could just keep from getting caught until sunrise.
  As long as I survived, Sweets Hearts wouldn't win.
  The storm was over. If I could just make it to the city, everything would go back to normal...!
"...No way."
  I've been heading downhill all this time! How am I at the back of the mansion?!
  I'd been heading downhill all this time, so how did I end up behind the mansion?
  Aaah...
  The ground distorted.
  My senses went haywire.
  I must've done something wrong.
  Suddenly, a voice whispers in my ear.
          "Con-
gra-
tu-
lations
 on
 kill-
ing
 ev-
ery-
one."
  It was a voice of terror that I'd never heard before,
  yet it sounded so familiar...
  Only one of them could have caused this all to happen.
  I considered who could have activated the Ploys.
  Right.
  Our prime suspect was...
-Decision Y-
  Was there a simpler explanation?
-Decision Z-
"...It's me."
  It could only be.
  The fact that everything had gone just the way I'd thought was proof above all that I was Sweets Hearts.
  And as Sweets Hearts, I couldn't remember anything that worked against me.
  I had to look at this objectively.
  Who activated the Ploy Kickshaw on the day of the party?
  The answer was, "no one."
  Miss Kuonji personally locked the room were she stored her Ploys.
  No one could possibly break inside.
  As long as there weren't any special tricks, we could eliminate that possibility entirely.
  It was only logical―
  Therefore, if someone took the Ploy, they had to have done it *before* today.
  They would have broken in before she locked the vault.
  Only someone who had accidentally come on the first day of the long weekend
  would have had the opportunity.
  So, why did they come on the first day by mistake?
  Simple: the invitation itself was wrong.
"A birthday party will be held at the start of the long weekend."
  The blockhead who wrote that on the invitations
  sent them out to three people total.
  Of those people, Touko Aozaki probably had it all figured out. But, she laughed at something she wasn't expecting, so that took care of her.
  Then there was Mr. Yamasiro.
  He'd said...
  ...that he'd gotten his invitation that morning.
  Everyone else had received theirs before that.
  It's highly likely it was delivered directly to his mailbox instead of being mailed.
  If Sizuki was working with the prime suspect, then they likely edited the invitation.
  Sizuki became an accomplice on the first day, and then invited Mr. Yamasiro on the morning of the second day. This was to hide the fact that the prime suspect was "accidentally" invited on the first day.
  Mr. Yamasiro wasn't just invited to be killed, but to act as an alibi for the culprit.
  Then, there was me.
  I was sure the party would be on the first day of the long weekend.
  Based on all this information, the only people who could have activated the Ploy were me and Sizuki.
  I could only imagine the kind of hospitality he must have offered Kojika Kumari for suddenly showing up on the wrong day.
  But, it wasn't unreasonable that he'd put out tea and snacks for a fellow schoolmate.
  The problem is, where did Sizuki obtain those snacks from?
"Ah, well. You figured it out, huh?
  I was so close to winning, too. This girl's smarter than I thought."
  Just then...
  From the mansion, another me appeared from the mansion-the one who had been Sizuki chasing me.
"Are you Sweets Hearts?"
  I got up off my knees to face my other self.
  She nodded yes, admitting defeat.
"You're Sweets Hearts, too, though.
  I was disguised as him; You were disguised as her.
  But you're exactly the same as Kojika Kumari, so I'm the only one with any memory of being Sweets Hearts."
"Is that so? Well, it's time for us to go. Game over. The sun's almost up."
"Are you sure you want the game to end?
  You're about to win. Don't you want your prize?"
"My what? I didn't know there was a prize involved."
"I'm talking about what Kojika Kumari wished for and was worried about when she ate me.
  You don't want it to end. You wish this half-baked, uncertain life could go on forever, don't you?"
"'Why is high school only three years?'
  'Why did I waste so much time?'
  'Why wasn't I honest about my feelings?'
  All those things.
 I can make all your woes go away. I'm Sweets Hearts, the Ploy Kickshaw of prayer for girls in the prime of their youth only.  Whaddya say?"
"Thanks, but no thanks. I don't care what you can do, and I don't care what happened.
  I'm done talking to you. Time's up.
  You're finished."
"W-wait! But I can only be used by someone who has unrequited―"
  At the end of the day...
"Get lost. Sizuki is the killer! I'm the user, Kojika Kumari."
"What? Seriously?! But that's so unmaidenly!"
  There wasn't anything left to wish for, now that Tsukiji was dead.
Might be an ill omen.
Maybe it's always unlocked.
I could enter by myself.
I should head to the drawing room.
I'll check out the guest room first.
I'll do something random.
Something's wrong. I should go back to the mansion.
Curious. I should check it out.
The rain's going to get worse.
The rain might turn to hail.
I should just go home.
The numbers add up.
The numbers are off.
...I haven't seen Sizuki, come to think of it.
Something horrible's about to happen.
Something crazy's about to go down.
I'm glad I was paired with Tsukiji.
It was some kind of bread.
Realistically, a small explosive.
A dog or something chewed him up.
I think we should focus on Tokitsu's death.
It's easy enough to not laugh for one night.
...I should point out we're one person down.
Tsukiji's story doesn't add up.
Aozaki's story doesn't add up.
Beo's annoying.
Tsukiji and Aozaki's stories don't add up.
Tsukiji and Beo's stories don't add up.
Aozaki and Beo's stories don't add up.
Sizuki's story doesn't add up.
Miss Kuonji's story doesn't add up.
I don't think what I said adds up.
Sizuki and Miss Kuonji's stories don't add up.
I don't think what Sizuki and I said adds up.
I don't think what Miss Kuonji and I said adds up.
Father Eiri's story doesn't add up.
Sister Yuika's story doesn't add up.
Ritsuka's story doesn't add up.
We should each stay in our rooms until morning.
We should check Riddell's alibi.
I'll go peek into the hallway.
I think I'll just leave it alone.
I agree.
Sounds dangerous.
Because there's a 13th person.
We should focus on how the phone line was cut.
It's dangerous for Aozaki to go alone.
It's best to wait for all three to return.
I don't see this ending well at all.
Come to think of it, Beo...
I can rest easy now.
I'm not sure about that.
Between 2:00PM and 4:00PM?
Between 4:00PM and 6:00PM?
Between 6:00PM and 8:00PM?
Between 8:00PM and 10:00PM?
Between 10:00PM and midnight?
A-As long as I lock the door... but I won't be able to sleep!
No helping it, then.
Should keep running until morning.
Should try to guess who the killer is.
Aoko Aozaki
Alice Kuonji
Soujyuro Sizuki
Touko Aozaki
Tobimaru Tsukiji
Next
Housuke Kinomi
Kojika Kumari
Lugh Beowulf
Eiri Fumidsuka
Ritsuka Suse
Next
Yuika Suse
Kazuki Yamasiro
Yurihiko Tokitsu
May Riddell Archelot
Back
Is Miss Kuonji a neat freak?
Why did Tokitsu come to this party?
Are there two types of murders?
Ritsuka's lockpicking skills!
Names define us.
Who has magical energy?
Who could activate a Ploy?
Who's always being watched by everyone?
Aoko Aozaki
Alice Kuonji
Soujyuro Sizuki
Touko Aozaki
Tobimaru Tsukiji
Next
Housuke Kinomi
Kojika Kumari
Lugh Beowulf
Eiri Fumidsuka
Ritsuka Suse
Next
Yuika Suse
Kazuki Yamasiro
Yurihiko Tokitsu
May Riddell Archelot
Back
Because I might've been wrong all along.
Because I'm the last survivor.
I'm sure now―because everything happened the way I decided it should.
Tea Time^Little happening of last night
Tea Time^night's
Tea Time^Blues in her name
Tea Time^Night of the witches I
Tea Time^Night of the witches II
Tea Time^Like a dog.
Tea Time^Are you for real ?
Tea Time^ARE YOU FOR REAL !?
Tea Time^SCARRED,SCAR RED.
Tea Time^HOWLING
Tea Time^WITCH ON THE HOLY NIGHT I
Tea Time^WITCH ON THE HOLY NIGHT II
Tea Time^A tale of the star
